To


Maestro Marshall Allen

& the Arkestra

who continue constructing

"the Cosmo bridge to the

Dark Unknown Eternal"


& to the memor'y of



Lester I)owie

Ronnie I)o'ykins

Don Cherr'y

Dann'y Davis

Malachi favors Maghostut.

john Gilmore

Thomas 'I)ugs' Hunter

james jackson

Clifford jarvis

rat Laurdine r atrick

Eric Walker/ Samarai Celestial

Earl 'I)uster' Smith

june T'yson

Richard Wilkinson

Doug E. Williams / Akh Tal Ebah

& man'y others


The Immeasurable
       Equation


            SunRa
The Immeasurable
               Equation

       The Collected Poetry and Prose
                compiled and edited by
   James L. Wolf and Harttnut Geerken


           Introductions and Essays by
     James L. Wolf, Harttnut Geerken
      Sigrid Hauff, Klaus Detlef Thiel,
             and Brent Hayes Edwards


                      Photography by
            Robert Lax, Angelika Jakob




     WAiTAWHILE
         2005

This is a WAlTAWHILE book. Published by Hartmut Geerken. 0-82211 Wartaweil 37.


All rights reserved.
 Copyright 2005 by ENTERPLANETARY KONCEPTS for the works of
Herman Poole Blount aka Le Sony'r Ra aka Sun Ra. Copyright for the other
contributions by the authors.


All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or utilized in any form or by any
means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopy, recording or by any information
storage and retrieval system now known or to be invented without the consent in writing from
the copyright holders ENTERPLENATARY KONCEPTS and/or WAITAWHILE books,
except by a reviewer who wishes to quote brief passages in connection with a review written
for inclusion in a magazine, newspaper, or broadcast.


Published and Printed by Books on Demand GmbH, Norderstedt
Cover Design: Hartmut Geerken, Dr. Anton 1. Kuchelmeister.
Cover photos (front, frontispiece, verso): by Robert Lax. Athens, Greece. February 1984 (Sun
Ra Archive Waitawhile).
                                                                                th
Other photos: by Angelika Jakob, Sun Ra at Munich Central Station, March 17       ,1984 (Sun
Ra Archive Waitawhile).
Sun Ra's signature and cul-de-lampe from an undated letter (Sun Ra Archive Waitawhile).
Electronic data processing from Word files to production master: Dr. Anton 1.Kuchelmeister.
Layout and formatting: James L. Wolf, Dr. Anton J. Kuchelmeister.
First published: May 2005
Printed in "Old" Europe.


ISBN 3-8334-2659-4

                    The sun is here and radiates
           in the darkness, and your darknesses
                              don't comprend it.
 (Giovanni Pieo della Mirandola, 1463 - 1494)


           And they are gone: ay, ages long ago
          These lovers fled away into the storm.
                      (John Keats, 1796 - 1821)


What, there's nothing in the moon note-worthy?
     Nay - for if that moon could love a mortal,
            Use, to charm him (so to fit a fancy)
       All her magic ('tis the old sweet mythos)
        She would tum a new side to her mortal,
Side unseen of herdsman, huntsman, steersman-
               Blank to Zoroaster on his terrace,
                   Blind to Galileo on his turret,
   Dumb to Homer, dumb to Keats - him, even!
               (Robert Browning, 1812 -1889)


     Goddam, Goddam, 'tis why I am, Goddam,
                    So 'gainst the winter's balm.
            Sing goddam, damm, sing Goddam,
           Sing goddam, sing goddam, DAMM.
                     (Ezra Pound, 1885 - 1972)


                   Our shit is beyond the people
                      who are trying to define it.
                    (Lester Bowie, 1941 - 1999)


Contents


Preface                                                               1

James L. Wolf Sun Ra's Poetry                                         3

Hartmut Geerken His majestic insignificance                           7

Sigrid Hauff Thought is a Mental Force                               17

Klaus DetlefThiel Samisdat - The Secret Message of Sun Ra' s Poetry 23

Brent Hayes Edwards The Race for Space: Sun Ra's Poetry             29

The Poems                                                            57

The Prose                                                          445

Appendices                                                         479

   The Sun Ra Library                                              481

   Keys used in the Source Description                              500

   Sources of the Poems                                             501

   Sources ofthe Prose                                              518

   Index ofFirst Lines of the Poems                                 519

   Sources of the Introductions and Essays                          527

   The Contributors                                                 528

   Radio Broadcasts on Sun Ra's Poetical Works                      529




                                     ix


                                                                Preface


When I was posted in Egypt in the 1960's and 70's I thought that Sun Ra should
perform at least once face to face with the Sphinx. I invited him in June 1971 to
be my unofficial, private guest, but I could not guess what would follow. Halfa
year later Sun Ra arrived in Cairo with the entire Arkestra. Two weeks full of
music, photo and film shooting, passport & custom problems, peripathoi,
breakfast conversations, climbing the great pyramid inside and outside,
organizing gigs, buying Arabic musical instruments in Mohammed Ali Street ...


One morning Sun Ra and I were sitting on the patio of the old Mena House
Hotel, the Cheops pyramid in front ofus, and our (his!) conversation happened
to come to poetry. He showed me his little notebook with handwritten poems,
and he allowed me to copy some ofthem on a paper-napkin while he was eating
his ham & eggs. Sun Ra told me that his poems would be published soon, and I
asked him to send me a copy. This first Immeasurable Equation arrived in 1972
and fascinated me at first glance. These poems have accompanied my life for
decades.


Many years later there were various discussions and plans for editing and
publishing Sun Ra's poetic work. In the 1980's, Peter Hinds released a number
ofpoetry booklets in small print runs of200 to 300 copies from his Omni Press,
as well as the excellent Sun Ra Research periodical and some Sun Ra Books. In
1995 I decided to publish Sun Ra's poetry in Germany but the copyright holder
never answered my request.

In early 1997 I came in contact with James L. Wolf from the Library of
Congress. As we were interested in the same subject we exchanged some Sun Ra
related material and I proposed that we compile and edit Sun Ra's poetry
together. But because ofestate and copyright problems nothing happened for the
next eight years.


Thanks to Enterplanetary Koncepts the project has finally assumed a concrete
form. We are proud to present for the first time the collected poetry and prose of
one of the most dazzling figures on the cultural stage of the  zo" century.

                                                               Hartmut Geerken




                                        2

                                                 James L. Wolf



                                             Sun Ra's Poetry


Sun Ra's poetry has hardly been read, much less studied or argued over, within
the realms ofrecorded scholarship and literature. Still largely ignored by fans of
Ra's music and even less widely disseminated than his Saturn records, its
publication was intended for the "elite" of Sun Ra's world. The tone-scientist-
musician, the new Arkestra recruit, the odd (very odd) Brother/fan who really
dug the concert teasers/sermons about altered destiny and other worlds. These
poems were addressed to his kindred spirits, his Angelic Brothers, the few.


And still to date there has been little scholarly work, even of amateur origin,
published about Sun Ra's poetry. The most recent exception is Brent Edwards'
excellent introduction, TheRacefor Space:Sun Ra'sPoetry(Hambone 14- Fall
1998). Starting from a poem Sun Ra wrote for the moon landing ofJuly 1969,
Edwards spirals through Ra's concept ofthe Impossible and Ra's relation to the
Black literature ofthe 1960's. Edwards then takes a wide survey ofsome ofRa's
"modes" of poetry, such as humor, didacticism, nightmare visions, and
invocation, as well as some of Ra' s linguistic quirks. He finishes with a closer
look at Ra's recombinative strategies - the tinkering with and reversals ofcertain
aspects of(usually English) language, both spoken and written. These practices
are helpfully distinguished from other related practices in African-American
literature.


For myself, I wish to avoid any attempts at profound generalization. I am not
much more than a collector and fan ofSun Ra. I was first fascinated by Sun Ra's
poetry because it was so bravely and unabashedly un-poetic. And because in his
                                        3

poems, as much as in his music, Sun Ra seemed to want to undo and rewrite
every concept he could get his hands on. This conceptual liberation seemed to
resonate with my interest in esotericism and my amateur reading of Jacques
Derrida, but mostly it plucked the string ofmy knee-jerk anarchism, the sort that
has run through a certain minority of white American males since at least the
middle ofthe last century. On the one hand, I have to admit that as much as I felt
connections to Sun Ra's thought world, he probably only felt tenuous
connections to mine. On the other hand, this says a lot about the power of Sun
Ra's poetry for a multitude ofreaders. In any event my only real contribution to
Sun Ra's poetry is to gather together, with the assistance ofmany individuals, all
ofthe published poetry, index it, and do a little cross-referencing, none ofwhich
was necessary for the enjoyment of the poetry in this volume.


But since I have noticed them, I only want to point out two unusual aspects of
Sun Ra's poetry. Certainly you will find more.


I know of no poet who uses fewer concrete nouns than does Sun Ra. Take a
quick glance through this volume. Wisdom, dimensions, endlessness, potentials,
blackness, source, word, world, etc. etc. Abstractions. Two barely concrete
words I find reappearing every now and then are bridge and crossroads, signals
of what Sun Ra is presenting to us in his volumes, crossings from one place to
another, points of intersection where changes of direction become possible.


Beyond these, there are almost no moments in his entire written corpus which
could be called "images" which paint visual or sonic or tactile "scenes". Is this
really poetry? Is this philosophy disguised as poetry? Some readers are offended
by the confusion. I've never really cared what the answer might be. It doesn't
seem to have been a very important distinction to him. He read his philosophy as
ifit were poetry, a sentence here, a page or two there (Szwed, Morse). He even
broke up some texts to hand out separate pages to select individuals, as if
continuity and progression from page to page didn't matter at all (Szwed). So
does it?


Another immediately obvious aspect of Sun Ra's poetry is that he is very
interested in undoing common oppositions, usually making the point that
socially constructed "reality" is not the "real" reality. The inner becomes outer,
the false true, etc. But one opposition Ra is loathe to undo is that between the
circle and the spiral. The circle in much esoteric literature, the sort the Ra read
heavily, was often given privilege as a symbol ofthe universe, infinity, God, or
whatever final Being was first, highest, deepest, greatest in whatever hierarchy.
From Ancient Egypt (where the circle was the hieroglyph of the sun) to

                                         4

Blavatsky the circle is the supreme abstract geometric expression ofDeity. But
in many of his poems Ra opposes to the circle the spiral as the superior
abstraction ofsomething like divinity. This again is not unique to Ra. Even the
composer Stockhausen is fond ofthe spiral as an image ofdivinity, especially as
it can also symbolize the musical spectrum which curves back on itself in
octaves even as it rises and descends. But for Ra the spiral is much more than a
symbol of divinity, musical or otherwise. It is a trajectory. It goes somewhere
else. It is a symbol ofthe path toward alterity, ofa rising beyond the limitations
of the earthly sphere (or circle - he explicitly equates the two), towards the
genuinely unknown. The spiral, rising in degrees, mimicking the shape of the
circle, but adding another dimension. I believe that Sun Ra was expressing
through the spiral his Hope that even while we seem to be trapped in our earth-
bound life, our fate (and he could be as deterministic as any) we can find or are
finding a way out that leads to something better.


Almost always, Sun Ra had a deep hope for something better, for himself, for his
people, for the planet. At times, especially towards the end ofhis life, the hope
faded. But even his Jehovah-like rage at our insane planet was another
expression ofhis desire that we finally become what we have always been able
to be. A race of angels to whom the laws of men do not apply, to whom
impossibility is merely a challenge, to whom the evils ofour lives are unknown.



Acknowledgements


Our thanks for assistance to: Robert L. Campbell, Allan Chase, Graham Connah,
Ken Ellzey, Chris Funkhauser, Peter Hinds, Gilbert Hsiao, Trudy Morse, Suso
Navarrete, Salah Ragab, Steve Ramirez, Klaus Ramm, Anthony B. Rogers, Paul
Smith, Bernard Stollman, John F. Szwed, Chris Trent and the late Kostas
Yiannoulopoulos. Special thanks to Hartmut Geerken for reviving this project.




                                        5


                                           Hartmut Geerken



                      His majestic insignificance


                                                            the space screen vibrates
                                                                  in brightness in the
                                                             impact of solar particles
                                                               vibrates the sound net
                                                  (Carlfriedrich Claus, 1930 - 1998)


1
Sun Ra's mother was very large when she was expecting Herman and everybody
thought she would have twins; but it turned out to be just a Gemini, "a disguised
   . if
twin                ,,2
      0 tomorrow       .


Towards the end of his life Sun Ra, who had at one time been called Herman
Poole Blount, had grown a goatee beard and dyed it red. This cosmetic treatment
is well known in anthropology. In Africa, in the Middle East and in India
extraordinary men dye their beards red in order to sensitise themselves for their
mission and their way on earth   3.Sun Ra had known his mission as well as his
path on planet earth only too well since the fifties but perhaps, in his resignation
to old age, he wanted to make sure once again.


2
The fact that the collected poems of Sun Ra, the musician, can finally now be
published is an important step towards a better understanding of this unique
artist of the last century. There have been many thinkers and artists who have
turned their backs on Western civilization (Nietzsche, Schopenhauer, Gauguin)

                                        7

but Sun Ra has catapulted himself more radically than the rest out of this
americanized western superficiality which has brought so much disaster to this
planet through politics and religion. His vehicle was the myth. Without making
any concessions, Sun Ra has freed himselfofeverything not having anything to
do with the infinity ofouter space right up to the holy cow of Western culture,
technical perfection. Whether a record was scratched, cracked or stayed in the
same groove, it never bothered Sun Ra, as long as the music had that magical
quality, an indispensable parameter he demanded of any music worthwhile
listening to. Correspondingly, his lyrics are different from anything Western
culture was accustomed to. - Until recently, only insiders knew that Sun Ra was
not only an exceptional musician but also an inspired poet and a serious
philosophical writer. In 1983 already, Sigrid Hauffhad drawn attention, in great
detail, to the literary works of Sun Ra 4.Her essay Extension Out from 1994
                                                                   5

was a first inventory and interpretation of his poems in publications and on
record covers.


Sun Ra's 'magic' language is not only apparent in the rituals and call/response
passages on LP's (which are not published here) but also in the roughly twenty
publications entitled TheImmeasurable Equation and other untitled publications
between 1972 and 1995. Just one glimpse into the poetic world of Sun Ra is
enough to confirm that we are dealing with a unique mediumistic talent. Ah, the
magic ofwords ... Best not let them touch you. / There is poison on the blade 6.

These are dangerous words, as dangerous as some kinds of music (and maybe
some writings) which Sun Ra held well away from public view because he did
not consider the people mature enough. The philosopher Ernst Marcus, a distant
relative ofKarl Marx, had withheld his work on eccentric perception because he
considered it too dangerous for the feeble-minded public. Again and again, there
are obviously people who do not consider the earth their home but the sun.
Ultimately, they do not see the sun as being above them but the earth below
them  7.



3
In an Arabic restaurant in Cairo, Sun Ra was treated very impolitely by a waiter.
He probably thought the dark-skinned Sun Ra was from Upper Egypt. In Cairo,
the people of this region are often treated very arrogantly. The waiter sort of
slammed the plate down on the table. Sun Ra got very angry and wouldn't calm
down. He left the restaurant and went to a different one. The next day he had a
gig at the EI Boko nightclub. Before starting the concert he swore at the
Egyptian audience in no uncertain terms. Then he sang: This is not mypeople in
Egypt now...    8.



                                        8

                              .=aim
                               = end
                               = period
                                = time
                                = era
                                = age
                                = cycle9



4
The jacket of my LP The Antique Blacks       10shows the stronghold of Western
culture, the Acropolis. There had been suspicions earlier on but, since Martin
Bernal's Black Athena"; we know for sure that the Ancient Greeks, i.e. the
cradle ofour highly praised Western culture, were under the strong influence of
Egypt even if the die-hard traditionalists do not want to know. Roughly spoken,
Ancient Greece, in a way, was nothing but a watered down and degenerated
Pharaonic culture with a high level of development in regards to mythology,
astronomy, medicine etc. Compared to the impressive Old-Egyptian buildings,
the Greek temples seem like pastry cook's architecture. The Gods were also
                                         l2
remodelled. Amon became Zeus, Thoth became Hermes, Isis became Demeter,
Horus Apollo. Quite a number ofthe Pharaohs were black Africans: TheAntique
Blacks. In Blackman June Tyson sings, When the Blackman ruled this land,
Pharaoh was sitting on his throne - I hope you understand ...    13.There is much
evidence for the fact that the high culture of the Dogon in today's Mali is
descended from the people ofPharaonic Egypt. So, Sun Ra knew how he had to
organize himselfon this planet. Although he had landed in the Western World
(landing place: Birmingham, Alabama), he was well aware of the fact that his
other leg was in Africa and the high culture of the Nile. The disgraceful
experiences he had in the prisons and detention camps ofJasper (Alabama) and
Marienville (Pennsylvania) during the forties for refusing, as a musician, to serve
on active duty, were a further reason for him to withdraw himselfmore and more
and to escape from this world. His only refuge was in not recognizing any
human and worldly things and following visions of those ancient kingdoms,
where beauty was still unharmed; kingdoms in the earth's most distant past and
on the happier star  14 light-years away. Sun Ra's poetry consists of visionary
gropings in utopian kingdoms and he only touches on worldly things for the sake
ofnegation. Oh! Nothing earthly ... is how the poem Al Aaraafby Edgar Allen
Poe begins. Just like Poe in his mythical poetic description of a happier star,
Sun Ra can only describe his longing for the impossible and a rational
description ofhow the soul fights and tries to free itselffrom the earth and tries
to glide into the outer spaces of the omniverse.


                                         9

Sun Ra's poems do not indicate a positive understanding ofhistory. To him, and
he is not the only one to see it in this way, history was an obvious lie, an illusion,
deception and imagination in the interaction of power and opportunism. The
worldly so-called truths are not the ultimate resort  15.History is not written down
but invented, created and faked: The manufacturedhistory ... The manufactured
historyl'" The past is afabrication thing/Somefictious one-dimensionfantasy''.
Sun Ra prefers to rely on myth and mystery. He disassociates himself from the
history-believing homo sapiens and proclaims: His story is history, but my story
is mystery! For Sun Ra, myth is a means ofexperience, far away from Western
rationalism and a means towards a holistic explanation and an order of things.


5
Sun Ra was changing his clothes and Salah Rayab happened to notice that he
was wearing a gun in a shoulder holster tied across his chest with a belt. Asked
about it Sunny said that he always wore a pistol and did Salah not know that he
was a 'wanted man'?     18



                     Earth is erth ... you plainly see.
                     Revelation mystery!
                     Saga deep of planet three!
                     ... Gamma        Gamma ... Gimel ... Gee!!!!!
                     Ab the orb        octaveity
                     Bro to ar In imty
                             bar i fi .           ,
                                                  .19



6
Sun Ra's literary work has different outputs. What can be heard in concerts and
on records together with music are on the one hand call/response elements,
which have found their direct way from Africa into the New World           20 and the
conjuring up ofritual elements     21. On the other hand there are the sung songs   22

which, through constant repetition, generate strong magical energies and counter
energies. On paper, without music, Sun Ra creates something resembling
contemplative poetry, often articulating sociocritical implications. He also uses
the language ofthe mystics for these texts    23. Meister Eckhart and Nikolaus von
Cues (Cusanus) followed a similar path of spirituality. The thousand-year-old
language and intonation ofthe Siberian shamans often suggests itself, as well       24

- texts which Sun Ra allows to run parallel to his thoughts are often written in
the form of a recitation or a proclamation        25 or continue in a kind of self-
contemplation   26.More ofinterest to me are the poems which one could assign to
the area ofconcrete poetry, because they work with language as a material. They
are texts relying exclusively on language, where language speaks for itselfand
where changing one single letter moves the text to somewhere else (nation/-

                                           10

notion  27,enright/inrit/enwrit28, told/tolled 29,will/wheal30, wood/would 31).
There are different words with the sameor similarpronunciation(right/write/rite
32), god's gods or God's gods./God's God's and God's god or God's God 33)
and there are permutations, known also in the concrete poetry ofthe fifties and
sixties 34.New word coinages are typical of Sun Ra's lyrics. Above all, the
nominalism of adverbs, prepositions, pronouns and past tenses of verbs is
striking(tomorrowness, themness,isness,thisness,oneness,backness,whenness,
ifness, two-wardness, the in etc.). Some ofthese language oriented poems have
phonetic qualities and what one had thought to have properly identified by ear
for decades turns out to be an acoustic illusion in the written form, like June
Tyson's declamation a world ... a world .... a world turns unnoticeably into a
whirl ..., a whirl ...35.Here, only the typography makes Sun Ra's profundity
obvious.

Finally I would like to draw attention to a group of Sun Ra's linguistic texts in
poetic form. Language is taken to pieces with a dissecting knife36,examinedfor
logical or suspected references 37,expanded or compressed mercilessly38, vapo-
rised into child-like word games" or put side by side polaristically  40.Sun Ra
was often out to be not understood. The incomprehensible always remains a
mystery and the impossible which may become possible was ofcrucial concern
to him.

7
When Sun Ra was in Cairo in 1984with the Arkestra, they lived in a big flat in
the Zamalek quarter. One morning around 4 am Danny Thompson phoned up
Salah Ragab and asked him to come to Zamalek immediately. Don't ask! He set
out at the crack of dawn and when he got there he saw that a camel had been
slaughtered in the street right in front of the house where the Arkestra was
staying. Everywhere was pouring with blood. It was an offering froma rich man
for the poor and the slaughtering has to be finished beforesunrise,in accordance
with Islamic law. Sun Ra and the members of the band were very upset and
shocked. They had been woken by the screams ofthe people and the camel and
could not understand what was happening      41.



                                What
                                How
                                Which
                                Where
                                And
                                That
                                So

                                        11

                                 If
                                 Those
                                 Then
                                 Me
                                 Them
                                 Why?   42



8
What Sun Ra has in common with other philosophers is the striking formalism
of the language. His texts resemble the vague hermetic statements of Martin
Heidegger as well as the crystal-clear formulated, polaristic linguistic equations
of Salomo Friedlaender. I have tried to point out the amazing similarities
between Friedlaender (1871-1946) and Sun Ra on a double CD with the Art
Ensemble of Chicago     43.Friedlaender's philosophical journey takes us to the
center of human existence and to the sun he wishes to see at its center, in
keeping with the Copernican worldview. zero sun is a constantly recurring term
in Friedlaender's philosophy, depictinq the center, the origin ofcoordinates, the
zero, the 0 of human existence. This center is inviolable as the sun and
represents a majestic insignificance. Were it not, our existence between the poles
might be worn away by the trivialities ofday-by-day life. From this indifferent
zero, creative processes can be initiated. Sun Ra's no point 44, on the other hand,
has utopian characteristics (Greek: u = no & topos = point; utopia as the place of
no point). His philosophical itinerary describes the 'nowhere-home' of outer
space by leaving the earth far behind (this planet is not my home). Sun Ra moves
as naturally in the omniverse as do mere mortals between the suburbs of their
hometown. Although Friedlaender and Sun Ra have followed opposite
directions in their thinking, they arrive at the same destination. This is apparent
even in the titles oftheir works: the I-Heliocenter ofFriedlaender and Sun Ra's
Heliocentric Worlds, or Sun Ra's poetic work The Immeasurable Equation and
Friedlaender's polaristic opus Schopferische Indifferenz (Creative Indifference)
or The magic 1(Sun Ra) and Das magische Ich (The magic 1)by Friedlaender45.
These analogies, however, are not intended as proofofcongruence between the
two philosophical systems. Yet it is a fact that both of them stem from a deep
dissatisfaction with the state ofthe world: Friedlaender the Jew, in the era ofthe
Holocaust, Sun Ra, an afroamerican in a society distinguished by a repressive
tolerance and a global intolerance. Friedlaender and Sun Ra have drawn their
conclusions by declaring the earth a meaningless battleground which they rise,
self-assuredly, above, assessing the world by their own standards from an
individual state ofsuspension (Friedlaender: Only byfloating can one trust the
abyss), and refusing to acknowledge death (Sun Ra: Give up your death!,
Friedlaender: 1am the death 0.(death).

                                         12

Friedlaender's main concept of the balance of the extremes was formulated by
Sun Ra in a very similar manner: the beautiful sameness ofopposite direction-
destiny 46;I like the counterpoint to a central theme  47.



Friedlaender was an expert on Kant and quite obviously Sun Ra has also
concerned himselfwith Kant. His poem Thing in Itselfteies directly to Kant's
Ding an sich  48(thing in itselj). Kant's famous statement that mankind gains by
losing can also be found in Sun Ra: Ifwefail, we must win     49. - I do not know
how well Sun Ra had read Kant. The 'incorrectly' quoted German expression of
the 'Ding an sich' (from Sun Ra the 'Ding and sich') could lead one to assume
that Sun Ra adopted Kant in a similar way to Chopin     50 and Rachmaninoff t' -
not in an analytical way, word by word, note by note but spontaneously, freely,
intuitively and light-heartedly with regards keeping to the original and without
worrying that the original may have been meant in a different way.


In the area ofphilosophy Friedlaender and Sun Ra seem to have achieved what
physics and biology have been working on intensively for years: a kind of
cosmic formula about life and the world which can be employed to harmonize
the individual, society, science, politics and art. They see the central point in
different places, places which are extremely far apart but, at the same time,
closer together than one might think. Sun Ra sees the central point many light-
years in space, a place maybe only he as the chosen one has experienced.
Friedlaender, on the other hand, analogous to the Copernican revolution that
puts the sun in the middle of the solar system, developed a philosophy which
puts an inviolable central sun inside man that, through its polar force field,
makes everything outside revolve around this 'I-Heliocentre' like planets. When
I drew Sun Ra' s attention to Friedlaender in a hotel bar in Cairo in 1971, he was
very quiet and detached and did not really want to hear what I was trying to tell
him, in my enthusiasm, about this philosopher who was so close to him.
Probably this closeness was too obvious and put him off. Who ofus likes to hear
that somebody else is working with the same terminology!


9
Trudy Morse was with Sun Ra on his deathbed. Unfortunately, because of Sun
Ra's distant relatives, she had no possibility of freeing him from the
undignifying life support machines. Trudy was at his bedside in the hospital,
reading him his poem, This world is not my home. He wanted to say something
but was no longer able to articulate himself intelligibly for human beings. He
made some kind of animal-like sounds. His eyes began to glow bright red like
burning coals  52.

                                         13

                       Once
                       Never upon a time
                       Twice Twice
                       You will see that thatness
                       Thereness ..... Theimess ..... themness      53


10
On the day I started to write this text, the postman delivered a book oflIse and
Pierre Gamier entitled PoesieSpatiale", Something happened that has happened
so many times when I was dealing with the phenomenon of Sun Ra:
coincidences which would take pages and pages to describe. - The beginnings of
the space poetry oflIse and Pierre Gamier go back to roughly 1963. We used to
live protected within our own 'aircoat '. Now we are like waves shooting about
in the universe  55. The language of magic does not start out from the idea that
words were invented by human beings but that they were given to us, like hands
and the stars .... each word is an abstract image. - A surface. An expanse          56.

The space poetry ofthe French couple Gamier does not mean an enclosed space
but the absolutely open-ended space which Sun Ra called at roughly the same
time, 'outer space'. Sun Ra's poems untie language following the recipes ofthe
dadaists, the structuralists, the lettrists, the futurists and the cosmologists. Above
all, his poetic texts consist ofenergies. Sun Ra did not write because he wanted
to communicate thoughts but because he cultivated particular vibrations and
frequencies from which the texts emerged more or less automatically and
spontaneously. The reader of Sun Ra's poems enters a wild andfree world, a
world without a pope, without kings, without religion, without refuge. He
becomes a tree, a bird, a dancer, a barque, a wave - parts ofa cosmos which
creates all possibilities and destroys all certainties      57.



When I went for a walk in the morning sun with Sun Ra in the palm gardens of
the Menahouse Hotel at the foot ofthe Cheops pyramid there was a multitude of
birdcalls from the tops ofthe palms. Sun Ra stopped still and said: Canyou hear
them? The birds are doing what we are trying to do all the time. He saw men as
birds without wings    58 and the terminology of his poems repeatedly revolved
around the picture of the bird, of flying, of feathers, the nest, the wings.
Omithopoetry!


(Translation: Isabel Seeberg)




                                            14

1  The title ofthis essay taken from The Thick Darkness
2  The Cosmic Age
3  Robert Lawler, Voices ofthefirst Day, Rochester 1991, p. 104; see photos ofSun
   Ra on Purple Night (A&M 395324-2), Pleiades (Leo LR 210/211), Hours After
   (Black Saint 120111-1) & Rejlections in Blue (Black Saint BSR 0101)
4  Sigrid Hauff, Sun Ra - Der Mythos; radio broadcast, SWR, 1983
5  Extensions Out in: Hartmut Geerken, Omniverse Sun Ra, Waitawhile 1994
6  Alert
7  Salomo Friedlaender/Mynona, Der Liebesjlug, 1928
8  ace. to Salah Ragab
9  Words
10 The Antique Blacks (Saturn 81774)
11 Martin Bernal, Black Athena - The Afroasiatic Roots in Classical Civilization,
   London 1987
12 for a while Sun Ra renamed his 'Saturn' label, Thoth
13 Thoth
14 Edgar Allen Poe
15 Beyond the Troths
16 The Invented Memory
17 The Past is like a Dream
18 ace. to Salah Ragab
19 Ofthe Planet Earth
20 Nuclear War; I Pharaoh
21 Black Myth/Out in Space (MPS Motor Music 557656-2); I Pharao (Saturn 6680);
   They plan to leave (on Saturn 10-14-85 & 91983-220)
22 To Nature's God; We Sing the Song To; On Jupiter
23 The Empty Space
24 The Differences
25 Discernment
26 Disguise
27 The Endless Realm
28 The Enwrit
29 Every Thought is Alive
30 The Spontaneous Mind
31 The Tree is Wood
32 The Enwrit; Detour
33 Men and Amen
34 Tomorrow Never Comes; Freedom versus Black Freedom
35 Strange Worlds on Black Myth (MPS Motor Music 557656-2) & the poem The Go
   Round
36 The-O-Logy
37 The Crate Create
38 The Inned Inning
39 The Tree is Wood
40 Circle Eternity; Angels and Demons at Play (Saturn 407)
                                       15

41 ace. to Salah Ragab
42 Sins ofNot When
43 Hartmut Geerken and The Art Ensemble of Chicago, zero sun no point (Leo LR
   329/330), 2001
44 The No Point
45 Salomo Friedlaender/Mynona, Das magische Ich, Bielefeld/Germany, 2001
46 Equality: parallelism
47 The Empty Space
48 Thing in Itself
49 Fabricate
50 Prelude in A major, Ope 28, N. 7 on Pleiades (Leo LR 211) & Queer Notions
   (DIW DEP 1-1)
51 Prelude in C minor on Aurora Borealis (Saturn 12480)
52 ace. to Trudy Morse
53 And Some Music
54 lise and Pierre Gamier, Poesie Spatiale/Raumpoesie, Bamberg/Germany 2001.
   Gamier's manifestos about spatial poetry are reprinted in Pierre Gamier,
   Spatialisme et poesie concrete, Paris 1968. About terminology and tradition of
   Spatialism see David W. Seaman, Concrete Poetry in France, AnnArbor 1981, p.
   229-286
55 Pierre Gamier, Manifestfur eine neue Seh- und Lautpoesie. Les Lettres/Revue du
   Spatialism 29, 1963
56 ibid.
57 Gerhard Penzkofer, Introduction to Poesie Spatiale/Raumpoesie, Bamberg 2001
58 Sun Song; Birds Without Wings




                                       16

                                                         Sigrid Hauff



                        Thought is a Mental Force


In Africa a spiritual superstructure traditionally forms an absolutely vital part of
the creative act from which art results. Without this corresponding spirituality art
is meaningless and no more than it is, to a great extent, in the West:
entertainment, enjoyment, event.


On the occasion ofa concert in Sangaredi/GuineaI it became clear to me that in
Africa art fulfils a function totally different from the one it fulfils in the western
part of the world. It was at this particular concert that Famoudou Don Moye,
John Tchicai and Hartmut Geerken happened to produce sounds which caused
the audience in the assembly hall ofthis remote village to flee. It turned out that
the howling tones produced by the horns were usually used in this social
community, whose character is stamped by animistic ideas, to entice the masks
out of the sacred forest. Since nobody was allowed to see these masks fathers
covered up their children with their jackets, people put their hands in front of
their eyes and fled in panic out of the hall. After a lengthy pause the convenor
for cultural affairs from Conakry, who was responsible for the concert, came
onto the stage, called the people back into the hall and explained to them that
this music was without meaning. That meant: it cannot cause anything to
happen, that these sounds cannot summon the spirits out of the sacred wood.


A telling force is embodied in African music. This same force is also to be found
in dance and last but not least in words. Words can create and destroy, build up
and dash to the ground. They can change the world. The magic ofwords is based
on the fact that they may render the impossible possible.

                                          17

The African work ofart, whether poetry, music, sculpture or mask is "complete"
only when it is Nommo, testifying word, telling word, thus function.'


Sun Ra was aware ofthe potential effect ofmusic and words. His understanding
ofart has its roots in Black Africa. During the course ofhis life he described the
philosophic-mythical superstructure, with which he connects his creative work,
more and more clearly, in his music, in his interviews, in his prose and most of
all in his poems. He saw himself as a mediator of a spiritual reality, of a world
beyond the trivial everyday life: a mediator ofhis omniverse. His Immeasurable
Equations lead us into this omniverse.


Sun Ra dedicated himself with unreserved devotion to the task with which he
saw himselfentrusted. He dedicated himselfentirely to his creative powers, the
creation of his music. With the discipline peculiar to Sun Ra. James Jackson:
The dismissal ofeverything non-spiritual, that is Sun Ra 's discipline.      3



Music was part of Sun Ra's everyday life right from earliest childhood. At the
beginning of his career as a musician Herman Poole Blount, as was Sun Ra's
name by birth, had a very extraordinary vocational call, an experience which he
mentions again and again in interviews and which John F. Szwed describes in
detail in his Sun Ra biography Space is the Place. The young musician
interpreted the vision as a cosmic mission to be fulfilled .
... these space men contacted me. They wanted me to go to outer space with
them. They were lookingfor somebody who had that type ofmind. They said it
was quite dangerous because you had to have perfect discipline ... I'd have to
go up with no part ofmy body touching outside ofthe beam", because if I did,
going through different time zones, I wouldn't be able to get that far back. So
that's what I did. And it's like, well, it looked like a giant spotlightshining down
on me, and I call it transmolecularization, my whole body changed into
something else. I could see through myself. And I went up. Now, I call that an
energy transformation because I wasn't in humanform. I thought I was there,
but I could see through myself.
Then I landed on a planet that I identified as Saturn. First thing I saw was
something like a rail, a long rail ofa railroad track coming out ofthe sky, and
landed over there in a vacant lot ...   4



Sun Ra found his spiritual home in the cosmic world. Why did he choose Saturn
as his home planet? The powerful influence exercised by Saturn on his birth
sign, which is ruled by Hermes Trismegistos/Mercury, can be found in his
horoscope   5. Sun Ra, who was interested in early history, also knew about the

                                            18

Mythra mysteries, which have their origin in Iran and which at the time of the
Greeks and Romans were the most significant rival of Christianity. This cult
with seven inaugural stages was at one time as far spread as Scotland. The orbits
ofthe seven visible celestial bodies - the moon, Mercury, Venus, the sun, Mars,
Jupiter and Saturn - were imagined to be shells around the earth, through
which the soul had descended for birth. Each individual had been given a
particularspatiotemporal characteristic traitfrom each ofthese spheres which,
on the one hand, co-determined his character but which, on the other hand,
representeda restriction. For this reason the seven inaugural stages were there
to facilitate the spirit's step-by-step transcending ofthe seven restrictions, the
crowning glory ofwhich was the entering into the state ofindifference.     6



Saturn is the last station along the step-by-step path of inauguration into the
Mythra mysteries, the station to be reached - after the first step, the conquest
over birth and death attributed to the moon, the second one, the sphere ofmagic
and the wisdom of the rebirth (Mercury), the third one, mystically enhanced
illusionary fulfilments of desires (Venus), the fourth one, the realm of
intellectual arrogance and power (the sun), the fifth one, daring and boldness
(Mars), the sixth one, which involves a change in that the impetuosity of
boldness is appeased (Jupiter) and finally the said seventh of the trials gone
through on the way, the stoic virtue ofequanimity in the face ofdesire and pain
(Saturn).


The step-by-step overcoming of the restrictions of the human spirit was the
declared objective ofthe inauguration - this is by all means in accordance with
Sun Ra's concern. Saturn was regarded as the representative ofthe Golden Age.
It is the planet which is farthest away from the earth.


As a musician Sun Ra slips into the role ofa shaman, who undertakes journeys
into the other, the spiritual world. As a poet and thinker he has something of a
mystic about him, a mystic who strives to attain a possible unity with the
universe. He reminds one ofa prophet whose task it is to pass on a healing truth.
Sun Ra's private myth lets the public divine a hidden secret behind all the words
and sounds, a secret beyond all language and rational thinking. Sun Ra summons
up a view of life which is distantly remote from the new world order as
conceived by the USA. Words are after all symbols for something ineffable and
unfathomable, which may shine through when words are connected to one
another.


Sun Ra's music evokes reactions as does the music of Black Africa, whereby
every tone, every thought is a mental force, a transmission of oscillating

                                          19

thoughts. In his texts he makes use ofwords in the same way as a medicine man
makes use ofhis herbs and a chemist his chemicals. He expects a reaction which
can change the world. One word can cast away the nothingness, can animate the
void. What is reality? The scope for fantasy, the stage for the impossible. Reality
is illusion in the face of the infinite space of the universe, in the face of the
boundlessness of Sun Ra's omniverse.


Boundary crossings lead again and again to new experiences, both musical and
personal. The human being experiences himself as a power in play with other
powers. Words, music, rhythm, dance and colours are the powers in Africa
which create access to other dimensions of our world. On stage Sun Ra
conducted a rite; he celebrated a cult of the non-rational spiritual forces. This
creative vital energy and joy of life are musical dreams of the future, and have
survived Sun Ra's death. They are carried on in Marshall Allen and the
Arkestra.


The sources from which Sun Ra drew his spiritual knowledge are meanwhile
partially known. We do not wish to withhold his library's informative booklist
from the reader. As to be expected, numerous publications about Ancient Egypt
are to be found on the list. Sun Ra had knowledge of Thoth's hermetic scripts
which belong to the Secret Teachings': He explored his African roots, was on
the track of the African understanding of art and came to know about the
significance ofwords, music and dance in Africa. Myths and the magic ofrites
interested him, as did also the role ofsymbols. Sun Ra preoccupied himselfwith
religions of the Near and Far East and also with the origin of religions.
Furthermore, he showed a striking interest in theosophical works and astrology.
Black History in the USA and works ofauthors such as Elijah Muhammad, who
fought for human rights, are to be found on the list, which also contains works
about the history ofjazz - albeit surprisingly few.


Sun Ra's poems and texts are the essence ofhis knowledge and the basis ofhis
own view of life. He does not oppose our western understanding of the world,
which is influenced by Christianity, to an African animistic view oflife, but to a
boundless world open to the cosmos, a world in which freedom, equality and
brotherliness are not merely utopian. His music "functions" by means of the
myth with which it is linked. For this reason, regardless of how technically
perfect they are, cover versions of Sun Ra's compositions are - without the
spiritual reference to his construct of thoughts - powerless, meaningless and
nothing other than trivial entertainment.


(translated by Carole Lohse)

                                        20

1 The African Tapes, Leo Records DeD GY 9/10
2 Janheinz Jahn, Muntu. Koln: Diederichs, 1986, p. 176
3 Interview Sigrid Hauff with James Jackson at Morton Street, Philadelphia, 1993
4 Sun Ra, in: John F. Szwed, Space is the Place. New York: Pantheon Books, 1997,
  p.31
5 Gabi Geist, The Place ofFive Points, in: Hartmut Geerken, Omniverse Sun Ra,
  Wartaweil 1994, p. 143
6 Joseph Campbell, Mythologie des Westens. Basel: Sphinx 1992, p. 294
7 Manly P. Hall, The Secret Teachings ofAll Ages. LA: Philosophical Research
  Society, 1968 (1928)




                                       21


                                           Klaus Detlef Thiel



          Samisdat - The Secret Message
                                                                                  of
                                              Sun Ra's Poetry


                                      Proper divinity is the creative sun of the world:
                                                            but God himself is atheist.
                      (Salomo Friedlaender/Mynona: Polaritic Thoughts (II), J9J6)


Why are we, today, listening to Sun Ra? to events that sometimes seem
absolutely uncalculable (to skip the fashion expression of 'ritual'), to a madness
that, the longer we study it, turns into beauty? Because Ra gives a presentiment,
something to understand, something archaic anarchic that nobody else shows us,
except, in the best cases, strongly moderated filtered commercialised. Because
he orients us, occidents us anew, sets us swinging in deeper vibrations -


And why are we, from today on, that is tomorrow, reading Sun Ra?
Because he leads us straight back forward to the essence of literature!
Nonsense? Wait a while!


Mingus, for example, had his alter ego (Charles, later called Danny Richmond),
he composed and wrote a lot oftexts (musical notes, letters, liner notes, essays,
an autobiography - something useless for Ra), and he was a bandleader and
conductor. All this goes for Sunny, too. His alter ego was Gilmore, and he
performed day and night as a conductor instructor teacher. The function of

                                         23

which always remains a sort ofphantasma and, besides, the figure ofa leader, of
a central organising person, remains Christian - are there female conductors? in
jazz surely, but in classical music? -


But Ra's texts are different.
What is a text? Something that was made for repetition.
What is repeated? sentences? words? letters? syntagmata? graphemes?
What Ra does, among lots ofother operations, is to cut. Every way ofcutting -


Cut the words, said Ralph Waldo Emerson, the Transcendentalist who was also
talking about Cosmic Harmony, and from them will flow blood ... in French
literature there is a long tradition of the topic of cutting a book, deflowering it
with a knife, red from sacrifice  I.But this blood doesn't flow from the outside, it
comes from within the cut objects. The blood is in the words. For words contain
meaning, and meaning is fluid, never stable. It's not possible to arrest the fluent
movements within words. "This movement of the liquids within a word is of
course a well-known phenomenon in linguistics"        2.


What Ra does, too, is to transpose mix substitute the elements and fragments.
Syncopated vocals, thermic consonants. He invents new words, especially
nouns, in a way that reminds of a characteristic of German philosophy where
every possible word can be transformed into a noun by adding certain suffixes:
backness, blackness    3,ifness nonness isness, im_niess_i_ness ... (Re) He draws
on every kind of source, combinatoric permutation transposition cabbala ...
innumerable equations correspondances non-respondances anti-spin-dances ... L
= R, = EL = AR (= RA), = RE = AL, = REAL, = IS RA EL ... cutting the strings
that connect signifier and signified. This is the classical distinction, described by
Saussure in his Cours de linguistique generate.


By chance or not, these lectures were finished the same year when Herman
Poole Blount was born. Saussure died 1913 - but wasn't he a sort ofcabbalist
himself? ingenously hidden in the tradition of Geneva, down to Henricus
Stephanus, editor of the famous Platonis Opera quae extant omnia, 1578 ...


Description ofthe fundamental procedure ofconnecting Top & Bottom, High &
Low, by and through application to linguistics. Breaking up all conventions and
commodities in order to show what lies behind the curtains. Atomism anarchism
subversion -


Now, a halfgrapheme doesn't point to a half idea. It points to a double idea. At
least, ifnot to three or more ideas. Not reduction but proliferation multiplication

                                         24

increasement. The greek verb auxo and the latin augeo mean to grow magnify
intensify ... Now, what is an auctor? What is an Author?? -


This is the essence of literature. Open up and realise the potentials of humans.
For I like my greater love! Am immeasurable ... (Other Gods Have I Heard 0.1).
If this freedom of putting together fragments in a different way is not granted
anymore - Death is imminent. If meaning sense signification are normalised
controlled surveyed in advance - every act ofexpression shrinks into reeling otT
a program. Repetition of Nothing. Small wheel of a (not always anonymous)
machine. White noise of the market. Fetish of product -


Considering the (so called) contents of Ra's texts, it's not difficult to detect
dozens ofparallels quotations allusions to (more or less) classical literature.


The light is as the darkness: it is written ... (Vibration ofthe Ray) - Le livre est
cela 'qui est grave avec Ie noir du feu sur le blanc du feu'. Feu noir sur feu
blanc. Says Edmond Jabes     4,poet born in Cairo in, yes, 1912 ...


For you / I gave up everything I never had... (Other Gods ...) - Giving what one
doesn't have, is a very old motif. Look it up in Plotinus, then in Heidegger      5.

This is love, says Lacan ...


You must learn to listen, because by listening you will learn to see with your
mind's eye. You see, music paints pictures that only the mind's eye can see.
Open your ears so that you can see with the eye ofthe mind - This equals a line
by William Blake: We are led to believe in a lie, when we see with, not through
the eye. This is one ofthe oldest (so called) metaphors in European history. And
beyond. Plato received it from the East and it runs as a red thread through the
whole history of Platonism.


Ra's incessant talking of other worlds etc. - compare it to the famous lines of
The Garden, by Andrew Marvell, last ofthe metaphysical poets in 17th century:
The mind, that ocean, where each kind / Does straight its own resemblance find;
/ Yet it creates, transcending these, / Far other worlds and other seas ...


One of the most powerful motifs of Ra: leave this goddamn planet Earth. He
didn't invent it but he repeated it in his own way. 700 years ago, Dante closed
the Book Purgatorio 0.(his Divina commedia with this line: Puro e disposto a
salire aile stelle - pure and disposed tofly to the stars ... then begins Paradise...


And just a few years ago one of the most alert minds of our times stated: The

                                         25

limits of the earth are reached when the earth is left behind. The equation
'world', in the Christian sense, equals 'planet earth' is established at the moment
when technology can leave the earth. What guarantees the panoptical and
universal power oftelevision is the network ofsatellites at the moment when one
can leave the earth. But leaving the earth is also Christian. The relation between
the terrestrial and the supraterrestrial, between the heavenly and the worldly, is
also a Christian (hi)story 6.

Children ofthe Sun sounds like a Bible prayer - the righteous and the wicked ...
Surely Ra knew the Bible very well, but he didn't consider it as the one and only
text, as the Book of Books. He read too many other books declared as Holy
Scriptures, obscure apocryphal 'forbidden'. See the Library list.


And there are so many tantalizing similarities and counterparts between Ra's
texts and the incredible and dangerous literary output of the Florentine
Renaissance, but let me talk about this later.


Now, all these parallels equations suspected imitations are not so important. It's
a job for aca-epi-demics craving to prove their knowledge. What Sun Ra's
private pirate pirouette mythology gives us is an Antidotarium, a Pharmacopoeia,
a collection ofprescriptions. Formulae for conjurations invocations exorcisms -
ofwhat? Ofa knowledge beyond the fatal oppositions ofapartheid. Opposite of
that evil Black Magic. Invocations of a better human conscience, looking
outward to a future ofjoy & peace. Shortest methods ofadhortation. Advice to
Medics-
Irregular energy, disverse orderly, inventionature, spiral radiuses of force,
cycloid cissoid circles ... Like all real true poetry Ra's is at the same time the
theory of itself. Everything written is and contains the key or the code to itself,
and at the same time it throws a veil over this key. Carefully calculated
incomprehensibility is precaution against abuse.


Decyphring foreign letters, eternal torture - what shall we, native german
speakers, say? And why does this book need to appear in Germany and not in
the USA? Like Hartmut Geerken's & Bernhard Hefele's Omniverse (1994), the
first pathway to unknown worlds? Is there, in the end, some deep affinity
between Ra's poetry and this strange thing that was once called the land of the
Dichter & Denker?


Yes, you know - flip the book, zap the program, lay it away - it wasn't meant
for you - as long as you don't want to understand, say, a little phrase by Roland
Barthes: the text you write must prove to me that it desires me -


                                          26

From a Russian newspaper we learned lately that the plan for opening so called
Sun Ra Discos was rejected by the Space Ministry ... To which news a friend of
Friedlaenderl Mynona, Theodor Daubler, already had the right answer:


        Und die Menschheit hor ich schreien:
        's.
        Als ein Echo ohne Ende
        Hat der Schrei nunfortgegellt;
        Wenn die ganze Welt verschwdnde,
        Dieser Schrei blieb als die Welt!     7




    Cf., for example, Kurt Wais: Mallarme Dichtung - Weisheit - Haltung, Miinchen
     1952,440.
2   J. Willis: Latin Textual Criticism, Urbana/Chicago/London 1972 (Illinois Studies
    in Language and Literature, vol. 61), 82.
3   Rahsaan Roland Kirk was spelling "BLACKNUSS" as "black in the US" - this
    sort ofplay is true, but it's not Ra's.
4   Jabes: Sur la question du livre, in: L' Arc 54 (1973), 61.
5   Plotinus: Ennead VI 7, 15-17. Heidegger: Der Spruch des Anaximander (1946),
    in: Holzwege, Frankfurt a. M. 1950, 329.
6   Jacques Derrida: Above All, No Journalists!, in: Religion and Media, eds. Hent de
    Vries & Samuel Weber, Stanford University Press 2001,68 sq.
7   "And mankind I hear screaming: / 'Ra'. / As an echo without end / The scream was
    ringing on; / Ifthe whole world would disappear, / This scream would stay as the
    world!" Daubler: Das Nordlicht. Genfer Ausgabe, 2 vols., Leipzig 1921/1922, vol.
    II, 45. Part II is called: The Ra-Drama.




                                           27


                               Brent Hayes Edwards



              The Race for Space: Sun Ra's
                                                                  Poetry


                                                       I'm dealing with equations.
                                                                         (Sun Ra)


In July 1969, when the United States was excitedly awaiting the flight of the
spacecraft Apollo 11, ferrying Neil Armstrong to the moon, Esquire magazine
published a half-whimsical survey. Writer William H. Honan, in a piece called
Le Mot Juste for the Moon, commented on the symbolic significance of the
moon walk. Because space was the final frontier of human discovery, Honan
concluded, Armstrong would require (like Archimedes, Vasco da Gama,
Columbus, Stanley, and Alexander Graham Bell before him) an appropriate
phrase to pronounce as he took the first lunar steps - and so Esquire had asked
contemporary popular figures for Helpful Hints, proposed proclamations for the
astronaut to deliver.


Most ofthe talking heads offered predictably heady pronouncements about the
universal human significance ofthe First Step. Hubert Humphrey, for example,
suggested that Armstrong entreat: May the moon be a symbol 0.[peace and
cooperation among the nations of earth. Some were pithy or glib; thus
Muhammad Ali: Bring me back a challenger, 'cause I've defeated everyone
here on earth. Many could not resist the boast that the event marked the victory
of America in the so-called Space Race between the superpowers: Forgive the
intrusion, Ma 'am. Don't smile so bitter/ Atgood Yanks tidying up your Sputnik

                                      29

litter (Robert Graves). But there, amidst the jingoism and utopianism, among
names like Nabokov, Anne Sexton, Lawrence Ferlinghetti, William O. Douglas,
Ed Koch, Timothy Leary, Bob Hope, Isaac Asimov, William Safire, George
McGovern, Tiny Tim, Truman Capote, John Kenneth Galbraith, Marshall
McLuhan, appeared the space age jazz poet, Sun Ra, with what John Szwed
calls a cheery poem inaugurating the new age (Szwed 275):


          Reality has touched against myth
          Humanity can move to achieve the impossible
          Because when you've achieved one impossible the others
          Come together to be with their brother, the first impossible
          Borrowedfrom the rim ofthe myth
          Happy Space Age to You. . .


It is a remarkable poem - once again, Sun Ra showing up where we least expect
to see him, taking a joyful stance as a witness ofalternatives (Baraka, Sun Ra
174).


I want to use this poem as a point ofentry, or launching pad, into a consideration
ofthe writings ofSun Ra, not simply because the anecdote is amusing, but more
because this finely-wrought stanza opens our way out to two critical terms in the
Ra cosmology: myth and the impossible. Reading these words as an intervention
in one ofthe great symbolic moments ofthe Cold War, we hopefully will avoid
the easy response to Ra, that wants to brand him a kook, a space freak, talking
nonsense, out. Entering, or exiting, with this poem, we are reminded that for Sun
Ra, it is no accident here and elsewhere the words myth and history walk hand
in hand (Wright 14). For Ra, myth is what poet Jay Wright calls a mode of
knowledge, a medium to understanding (Ra, Living Parallel) that is quite closely
linked to the grand events of the day.


This odd little poem displaces in at least two directions. On the one hand, by
speaking in terms of the myth rather than the nation, Sun Ra ignores and thus
rejects the discourse around America in so many ofthe other Helpful Hints - the
often triumphalist idea that the moon shot is a particularly national
accomplishment. Instead, here we have a certain kind ofuniversalist discourse,
talking about Humanity as a whole. But in the language ofthis strangely dressed
figure, identified in the article only as the space agejazz poet, Humanity would
appear to be circumscribed. Here it refers more to the inhabitants ofthis planet
than to the only conceivable frame oflife. And so we are preached a perplexing
universalism, a universalism ofthe impossible.


                                          30

At the same time, there is a second level of displacement: for Sun Ra, by not
mentioning race, also rejects the mode of most of the black intellectual
commentators ofthe moment. Duke Ellington, for example, had written an essay
called The Race for Space around 1957, an attempt to transfer the civil rights
discourse ofthe Double V (victory against fascism abroad, victory against racism
at home) from World War Two into the Cold War. Ellington described jazz as
both a model for and a barometer of democracy, and called the US to task for
perpetual racism and continuing segregation, going so far as to suggest that the
USSR won the space race with Sputnik because of its relative racial harmony:


   rT]his is my view on the race for space. We'll never get it until we
   Americans, collectively and individuallyj.] get us a new sound. A new
   soundofharmony, brotherly love, common respect andconsideration
   .for the dignity andfreedom ofmen. (296)


Sun Ra takes another route. The Esquire poem chooses not to speak from race,
as Ellington does, to demand civil rights as the fulfillment of the principles of
American democracy. Sun Ra's impossibles, in other words, come together in a
register altogether different from the black jeremiads of the 1960s, even those
like James Baldwin's The Fire Next Time that close with prophetic commands to
do the impossible, to end the racial nightmare: I know that what I am asking is
impossible. But in our time, as in every time, the impossible is the least that one
can demand (Baldwin 379).


Reading the poetry, music, lyrics, theater and pronouncements of Sun Ra as a
kind ofconstellation, however, it becomes evident that this difference is not the
result of an a-historicism, not because Ra offers no racial critique. On the
contrary, he roots his sense ofmyth and the impossible precisely in the history of
US racism and segregation. For example, in the legendary 1972 mythic-
blaxploitation film Space is the Place, there is a scene where Sun Ra, a black
alien from Saturn come to Earth in a music-powered spaceship to rescue the
African American population, visits a youth community center. How we know
you not some old hippie or something? one woman demands. Sun Ra answers,


    How do you know I'm real? I'm not real. I'm just like you. You don't
    exist in this society. Ifyou did, yourpeople wouldn't be seeking equal
    rights. You're not real. Ifyou were, you 'd have some status among the
    nations ofthe world. I come to you as the myth, because that's what
    black people are. I came from a dream that the black man dreamed
    long ago. (Toop 29)


                                         31

It is thus true, as John Szwed explains, that space was both a metaphor of
exclusion and of reterritorialization, ofclaiming the'outside' as one's own, of
tying a revised and corrected past to a claimed future (140).


Nevertheless, Sun Ra does not quite end up at a black nationalist position. As
with Barbara Christian's reformulation of the phrase the race for. theory into a
double-edged tool, to critique the exclusionary and self-sustaining institution of
Theory in the academy while noting that the putatively excluded also theorize,
Sun Ra's understanding ofthe racefor space critiques the jingoistic 1960s cant
ofthe Final Frontier while at the same time redefining race, redefining the frame
of black radicalism. That separate kind ofhuman being, the American black
man, represents a challenge to US pretensions ofdemocracy, but finally doesn't
belong here. Black people are mythic, ancient, or cosmic. They are the race for
space:


    [Hjere in America there are also Black people who have given up
    nothing, who couldn't give up anything because they live in harmony
    with the Creator ofthe cosmos. And they will always be a source of
    difficulty for every nation on this planet, because they've no other
    ruler than the Creator ofthe cosmos and they'refaithful only to him.
    The Bible speaks about that too. They're the only people who stand
    apart. Nobody can say that Israel is that people, because Israel is
    counted as one of the nations of this world, at least in the United
    Nations, but not the American Black people. (Vuijsje 17, quoted in
    Szwed 140)


When Sun Ra refigures the so-called black nationalist land question - or, in
another discourse, the Communist Party Black Belt thesis that African
Americans formed an internally colonized nation in the US South - into the
space question, we are not quite in recognizable nationalist strategy any more.


In reading the Esquire poem, then, we have to hear through the prism of his
other texts, where Sun Ra often calls for a politics of mythocracy, rather than
demanding the fulfillment ofdemocratic principles, or theocracy (Sun Ra, Your
Only Hope Now 113). Not We hold these truths to be self-evident that all men
are created equal, no; Ra demands something absolutely other:


          We hold this myth to be potential
             Not selfevident alone but equational;
                    Another Dimension
                        Ofanother kind ofLiving Life

                                        32

                                 Abstract-Projection Presence


         This M.,vth are these
         We be potential
              This myth is not what you know
                              (We Hold This Myth To Be Potential)


It seems that myth represents both a critique ofthe historical erasure ofAfrican
Americans, as a group - the prophet Ra arrives as reminder ofthat exilic past (I
come to you as the myth, because that's what black people are) - and
possibility, an openness that even breaks syntax (This Myth are these) in its
insistence on something new, on something radically different.


Sun Ra's use of the word impossible is the recognition that the radically
different, a radical alterity, is inconceivable, and yet paradoxically exactly that
which must be conceived. The impossible is the watchwordofthe greater space
age, Sun Ra wrote on the cover of the album Rocket Number 9 Take OffFor
Venus (later reissued as Interstellar Low Ways). The impossible attracts me, Ra
often said, because everything possible has been done and the world didn't
change (Lock 15). Or:


    I'm talking about something that's so impossible, it can'tpossibly be
    true. But it's the only way the world's gonna survive, this impossible
    thing. My job is to change five billion people to something else.
    Totally impossible. But everything that'spossible's been done by man.
    I have to deal with the impossible. And when I deal with the
    impossible and am successful, it makes me feel good because I know
    that I'm not bullshittin'. (Corbett 311)


In this light, the lines of the Esquire poem make more sense: when Sun Ra
writes that the Apollo mission allows us to touch the rim ofmyth, allows us
tangential access to a kind ofbrotherhoodofimpossibles, he is writing about an
extreme version of what Thomas Kuhn would call a paradigm shift. Going to
space is epistemological work - it might force us to alter our conception ofwhat
the inhabitants ofthis planet can be. It races, but more razes and raises, as Ra
might say, the potential of the human.


More than anything else, Sun Ra's work is consistent and insistent in the way it
constantly pushes towards those moments of the impossible, those paradigm
shifts that are unimaginable until after they've happened, but that are necessary.
As a result ofthis drive, one can track in this period a kind ofescalating race in

                                          33

the way Sun Ra talks about space. Just after the moon shot, Nigerian writer Tam
Fiofori asked Ra in an interview, How do you feel about the moon shot, in the
light ofyour space music? Though he had been talking about space music for
the past fifteen years, Sun Ra quickly shifted gears:


    Well, I'm not playing Space Music as the ultimate reach anymore.
    That is, not in the interplanetary sense alone. I'm playing
   inter alac .       sic, which is beyond the other idea ofspace music,
  rbe.    se I  IS 0  the natural infinity of the eternal universe Eternal
   ETERNAL... it is ofthe universes, as all the universes together make
   another kind ofuniverse. There is a needfor that type ofbeingness
   upon this planet at this time. The Space music ofthe previous years
   was presentedto preparepeoplefor the idea of,going to the moon and
   other places like that in the interplangpry thing, but now, since that
   has been accomplished, or the idea of it has been projected or
   propagated (however it is), of course there is no need for me to
   propagate it myself....
   On this planet, it seems, it has been very difficultfor me to do and be
   ofthepossible things andprojects. As I look at the worldtoday andits
   events and the harvest of possible things, I like the idea of the
   impossible more and more. (14)


Here the term intergalactic, broader than interplanetary, evidences Ra's
continual vigilance towards the impossible, the un-thought, the un-conceived,
the not, the alter, as he liked to say. Such an attempt to break the limits ofwhat
can be thought becomes Sun Ra's prophetic duty on Earth. For him, it represents
the only chance for mankind to rethink its destiny.


This critical strategy, which Sun Ra terms myth-science, making recourse both to
the knowledge systems ofancient Egypt and to a futuristic science fiction, places
Ra in a rich firmament of black visionaries, what David Toop has called the
mystico-political undercurrent of black American thought (27), from Nat
Turner, Rebecca Jackson, and Julia Foote, to Robert Johnson, Marcus Garvey,
and Father Divine, to Ornette Coleman, George Clinton, artist Ram-el-zee, and
dub producer Lee "Scratch" Perry. What finally distinguishes Sun Ra in this
kind ofvisionary tradition is his emphasis on the poetic and the literary - and it
is this theme that I want to take up here. Even speaking of the intergalactic
approach to music, Ra thinks in tropes implying that for him, certain operations
oflanguage are essential to any approach to the impossible, to any delineation of
the myth. In a handout for the legendary class on The Black Man in the Cosmos
he taught at Berkeley in 1971, Sun Ra made recourse to etymology to argue that

                                         34

the very form of myth is linguistic:


   Every myth is a mathematicalparable. Myth is anotherform oftruth,
   a parable is a myth; it is a parallel assertion. Myth in Greek is
   mythos, a word meaning a word, speech, legend. (Szwed 304-5)


In an interview around the same period, he explains: The intergalactic phase is
ofthe expansion-continuation dictionary form. As a dictionary it is applicable to
multi-sense adaptive expression; it reaches encyclopedia proportions (Fiofori
15). He sometimes referred to his records as issues ofa cosmic newspaper (Lock
16), and almost always describes the impossible as a poetic practice. Take for
example his poem Words and the Impossible:


         The elasticity ofwords
         The phonetic-dimension ofwords
         The multi-selfofwords
        Is energyfor thought - Ifit is a reality.
          The idea that words
        Can form themselves into the impossible
         Then the way to the impossible
        Is through words.


         The fate ofhumanity is determined
        By the word they so or approve
        Because they reap what they so
        Even if it is thefruit oftheir lies


Sun Ra says elsewhere that words are seeds you plant in the ground(Spady 26).
In this sense, there is a peculiar kind of split semiosis, a seed that grows into
many plants, espoused in this poem where we see the word so in a place where
conventional grammar and context tells us we should see sow. Here is the multi-
self of words, the phonetic-dimension of words in action: an impossible
grammar, an impossible or immeasurable equation between grapheme and
phoneme. The mark on the page doesn't equal what we hear, and the practice of
the impossible occurs in the interstices of that discrepancy. (In light of such
phonetic alteration, it is crucial to recognize that Words and the Impossible,
indeed like much ofRa's verse, is as much sightpoetry as sound poetry - ifyou
hear the poem read aloud without seeing it, there is no way to notice the altered
spelling ofso.)


The fate ofhumanity is determined / By the word they so or approve: in other

                                         35

words, the visionary import of this practice is that the way we "solve" this
homonymic equation (writing "sow," writing "so" - the way we "sew" it?)
determines our fate: opens or closes possible ways of seeing and voicing the
world.


Umbra/Ra

Interestingly, though, it has been extremely difficult for critics to come to terms
with Sun Ra's poetry as such - or even in relation to his music. Apparently it is
as difficult to comprehend his writing in a field of musicians-who-write
(Ellington, Mingus, Anthony Braxton, Joseph Jarman, Cecil Taylor) as in a field
ofmid-century black experimental poetics. This is true even when Ra had direct
contact with writers, as in the mid-l 960s, during the time his Arkestra lived in
the East Village, and was closely linked not only with the lively New Thing free
jazz scene ofthose years, but also with poets ofthe Umbra group, such as David
Henderson, Tom Dent, Steve Cannon, Lorenzo Thomas, Rolland Snellings,
Norman Pritchard, and especially downtown figures loosely associated with
Umbra like Henry Dumas and Amiri Baraka. When Ra is mentioned at all in the
few existing histories ofthe black downtown poetry scene in the early 1960s, it
is the shock of his theatrical otherness that stands out, not his poetics. Amiri
Baraka's eulogy for Sun Ra recalls this aspect vividly:


    1passed through Ra 's orbit when they Jst arrivedfrom Chicago. . .
    The Weirdness, Outness, Way Outness, Otherness, was immediate.
    Some space metaphysical philosophical surrealistic bop funk.
    Some blue pyramidhome nigger southern different color meaning hip
    shit. Ra. Sun Ra.
    Then they put on weird clothes, space helmets, robes, flowing capes.
    They did rituals, played in rituals, evoked lost civilizations, used
    strangeness to teach us open feeling as intelligence. (Baraka, Sun Ra
    171)


Nevertheless, the 1967-68 Umbra Anthology opens with a selection ofSun Ra's
poetry, apparently marking him as a signal figure - even a kind ofpoetic elder-
for the collection. But it is difficult to understand the relationship between Ra's
oblique lines and the work in the rest of the volume. And so we are left with a
curious aporia: even excellent recent work like Aldon Nielsen's Black Chant:
Languages ofAfrican American Postmodernism places Ra in the orbit ofUmbra
only as musical analogy, without being able to think him as poetic inspiration:


    The radical poetics of Umbra writers like [Oliver] Pitcher and

                                           36

   [Norman] Pritchard were no more lacking in precedent in black
   writing than Sun Ra's transmutations ofthe vocabularies ofthe big
   band were unprecedented in the black orchestral traditions; in each
   genre the innovators and outsiders were working with materials they
   hadgatheredfrom inside the tradition, but were working with them in
   new ways. (Nielsen 114-15)


But what happens when these circuits cross? At the very least, it must become
clear that Ra's transmutations of the vocabularies of the big band are not
unrelated to Ra's concurrent (and sometimes simultaneously performed)
transmutations ofthe English language.


One also might conjecture about Ra's influence as a poet in Umbra, though.
There are clear divergences: Sun Ra does not share the interest in the vernacular
almost universal in black poetics ofthe period - he never writes infolkforms, or
attempts to transcribe oral culture or the particularities ofblack speech onto the
page. Michael Oren has noted that the Umbra writers established a close
relationship with Langston Hughes, and were especially influenced by his poem,
Ask Your Mama: 12 Moods for Jazz (1961), written to be performed with jazz
piano accompaniment (Oren 184). It seems that Umbra's aesthetic was peculiar
in that it could admit both Sun Ra and Hughes as models (Umbra Anthology
1967-68 includes two poems by Hughes). Lorenzo Thomas is one of the only
commentators to single out the group's remarkable breadth of interest,
specifically emphasizing the literary influence ofjazz musicians on the Umbra
circle: The musicians themselves were as cleverly articulate in words as they
were on the bandstand; some, in .fact, were poets and writers themselves.
Charles Mingus andSun Ra, both excellentpoets andlyricists, spoke in vast but
terse metaphors to those who took the time to listen (Thomas, Ascension 260).
Still, to judge from Umbra Anthology: 1967-68, Sun Ra's poetics are far from
exemplary of the group's practice, even with regard to the more experimental
work of David Henderson or the transrealist poetics of Norman Pritchard. It
would seem that Umbra was mainly inspired by Sun Ra as a multi-discipline
artist, and a spectacular elder figure who had been melding art, poetry, music,
theater, esoteric philosophy, and communal living on his own terms since the
late 1940s.


It should be noted that Umbra in general was quite receptive to artists in other
disciplines: in addition to Sun Ra, saxophonist Archie Shepp (who himselfwas
also a playwright) and visual artists Joe Overstreet and Tom Feelings often
attended the meetings. Indeed, the marginality and volatility that commentators
like Oren and Thomas usually identify in Umbra - which in the end brought

                                        37

about the rupture in the group in 1964 - may well have made space for similarly
marginal or liminal figures like Sun Ra, who represented the edge between
poetry and ritual, writing and music, that the group was keen to explore.
Thomas, associated with the more nationalist wing of Umbra, argues that the
group fostered connections with an older generation ofHarlem intellectuals like
poet Hart Leroi Bibbs, who represented an important black artistic underground,
the teachers and curators ofour cultural alternatives (Thomas, Shadow World
64-5). For the young writers, Sun Ra and the Arkestra would have certainly
exemplified such a sought-out alter heritage. As Thomas notes, the musical
performances ofthe Arkestra encapsulated this legacy, with their gyroscopically
delightful resolution ofthe full spectrum ofjazz styles from Jelly Roll Morton's
King Porter Stomp all the way up to free jazz and beyond (Thomas, Classical
Jazz 239).


Sun Ra's influence among black writers in New York reached its height in the
summer of 1965, during the Black Arts movement, when many of the more
nationalist members of Umbra followed Amiri Baraka to Harlem to form the
Black Arts Repertory Theater and School. The Arkestra often performed at
Black Arts events that summer, along with hom players Albert and Don Ayler,
pianist Andrew Hill, and percussionist Milford Graves, and in fact Baraka says
that Ra became our resident philosopher, still living in the East Village, but
coming to Harlem most days to hold court at Black Arts gatherings (Baraka,
Autobiography 204). David Henderson, who would edit Umbra Anthology,
1967-68, was a serious student ofSun Ra's teachings and writings at this point,
as was Henry Dumas, and the Arkestra performed music to accompany Baraka's
play A Black Mass at its premiere in Newark in May 1966 (Baraka 205).


The collaboration between Sun Ra and Baraka was formalized most strikingly in
the journal The Cricket: Black Music in Evolution, which Baraka began
assembling in late 1967 and early 1968. The masthead of the first issue credits
Baraka (then Le Roi Jones), Larry Neal, and A.B. Spellman as "Editors" and
Sun Ra and Milford Graves as "Advisors." This confluence between the New
Music and the New Poetry was not unique in itself: for instance, John Sinclair's
Change, ajoumal published out ofthe Artists' Workshop in Detroit in the mid-
1960s, similarly featured saxophonist Marion Brown as its New York editor, and
published poetry by Brown and Sun Ra. But The Cricket was more ambitious: it
did not simply publish poetry influenced by jazz, but instead argued that black
culture was a continuum - what Baraka termed the changing same, in an
influential 1966 essay - characterized by a drive towards radical articulation
found in the music and the poetry alike. Baraka begins his editorial introduction
with a claim for the intellectual qualities ofthe music: The true voices ofBlack

                                         38

Liberation have been the Black musicians. They were thefirst tofree themselves
from the concepts andsensibilities ofthe oppressor. The history ofBlack Music
is a history ofa people's attempt to define the world in their own terms (a). The
title itself deliberately echoes the original (and perhaps apocryphal)
musician/writer story: The Cricket is named after the gossip sheet that Buddy
Bolden, the infamous early trumpeter, supposedly wrote and published in New
Orleans. And the issue is dominated by similar models: Milford Graves' diatribe
about the racist economics ofthe music, and a long essay by Sun Ra called My
Music is Words.


Within the nationalist framing of The Cricket, however, My Music is Words
strikes a certain dissonance. Sun Ra's essay is the first in the journal, but it
immediately refuses to take up the banner and represent: Some people are ofthis
world, others are not. My natural selfis not ofthis world because this world is
not ofmy not and nothingness, alas and happily... (4). The piece reiterates Ra's
literary aesthetic ofenharmonic word equation,phonetic revelation (5) through
a kind of sight poetry. (As Ra puts it, in a poem included at the end of the first
issue: Through the eye / The soundhas spoken (18).) Most importantly, though,
the essay also explains Ra's understanding ofjazz, narrating his development
from Fletcher Henderson to Space Music by drawing links between music and
writing: My words are the music and my music are the words because it is of
equation is synonym ofthe Living Being (6). Music here is conceived as the
ultimate extension ofpoetics, a mode ofarticulating what is presently impossible
or unsaid in words alone:


    My words are music and the music is words but sometimes the music
    is ofthe unsaid words concerning the things that always are to be,
    thusfrom the unsaid words which are ofnot because they are ofthose
    things which always are to be. . . . nothing comes to be in order that
    nothing shall be because nothingfrom nothing leaves nothing.


    The music comes from the void, the nothing, the void, in response to
    the burning needfor something else. (7)


 The essay's accomplishment, in other words, is to remind us that if Sun Ra's
 writing is musical or phonetic, his music is equally linguistic in conception. As
 he writes in a later poem:


         Music is a voice
         A differential sound ofwords.
         A grammar and a language

                                        39

        As well as a synthesizer.
        It is the reach toward it's twin immortality.
                             (OfCoordinate Vibrations)


The best-known Black Arts anthology from the 1960s to include Sun Ra's
poetry was Black Fire, edited by Baraka and Larry Neal. Neal and Baraka read
Sun Ra's work as exemplary ofa drive in the movement to push literature and
music closer to the community, towards a more ritualistic aesthetic and a more
explicitly political agenda. In his afterword, Neal notes that black music has
always represented the collective psyche better than black literature, and
prescribes:


   Black literature must attempt to achieve that same sense of the
   collective ritual, but ritual directed at the destruction ofuseless, dead
   ideas....
   Some ofthese tendencies already exist in the literature. It is readily
   perceivable in LeRoi Jones' Black Mass, and in a recent recording of
   his with the Jihad Singers. Also, we have the work ofYusufRahman,
   who is the poetic equivalent ofCharlie Parker. Similar tendencies are
  found in Sun-Ra's music and poetry; Ronald Fair's novel, Many
   Thousand Gone; the short stories ofHenry Dumas (represented in this
   anthology); the poetry ofK. Kgositsile, Welton Smith, EdSpriggs, and
   Rolland Snellings; the dramatic choreography of Eleo Pomare;
   Calvin Hernton's very explosive poems; Ishmael Reed's poetry and
   prose works...; David Henderson's work.... (Black Fire 655)


Neal makes explicit reference to Sun Ra's poetry as part ofthe new tendencies.
Oddly, though, this understanding jars with the Ra poems collected in the
anthology, which like most of Ra's writing are dynamically flat and relatively
undramatic. Take the conclusion of the poem Of the Cosmic Blueprints, for
example:

         Ifit was not slavery-
         It was the activation
         Ofthe Cosmic-blueprints. . .
         Sowing seeds ofcosmos rare
         Casting ever down to ever lift above.




                                        40

         Ifit was not slavery
         It wasfreedom not to be
         In order to readyfor the discipline-plane
         From other-greater-worlds.


Is this down with the program? Paradoxically, although Sun Ra is a musician
(the only one represented in Black Fire), and although his writings are not
unconnected to his musical performances, his poetry is simply not written to be
theatrical, ritualized, or jazzy. So it is difficult to make this poem jibe with
Neal's injunction that the poet must become a performer, the way James Brown
is a performer -loud, gaudy and racy.... He must learn to embellish the context
in which the work is executed; and, where possible, link the work to all usable
aspects of the music (355). Sun Ra the musician might be close to this
description - although the Arkestra's cosmo dramas might be race-y in a
different way than James Brown's laborious funkfests. But it is less clear that the
poetry ofSun Ra reproduced in Black Fire can be read as a clear example ofthis
literary stance, consolidating writing and ritual, as Neal demands.


In rethinking the implications ofSun Ra as poet, somewhat the misfit, askew in
the midst ofthe Black Arts, we might look in more detail at Ra's life and career:
what are the poetics of Sun Ra, and where did they come from?


Reading The Erudite Ra

One of the more striking aspects of John F. Szwed's biography, Space is the
Place: The Lives and Times ofSun Ra, is its documentation ofRa's literary and
lyric thirsts. Szwed traces the reading list of the-Artist-formerly-known-as-
Sonny-Blount, and follows his progress in the 1940s through a staggering and
thorough study of Biblical interpretation, Egyptology, science fiction, and
esoterica: works like The Egyptian Book ofthe Dead, The Radix, the works of
Madame Blavatsky, Biblical concordances, books on Kaballah, medieval
hermeticism, gnosticism, and mysticism, George G.M. James' Stolen Legacy,
contemporary black literature like Henry Dumas' stories and poems, former
slave narratives, books on black folklore, Frederick Bodmer's The Loom of
Language, Blackie's Etymology, and the Bible itself - in English, Hebrew,
French, German, and Italian (see Szwed 62-73, 294-99).


Throughout this period writing poetry was an integral part ofRa's life and work.
He had begun writing poetry at the age of nine, and began handing out
pamphlets and mimeographed broadsides during the legendary free-for-all public
debates in the late 1940s in Chicago's Washington Park, featuring Ra' s space

                                         41

disciples next to Elijah Muhammad's nascent Nation of Islam, Christian
fundamentalist orators, Marxist exhorters, and straggling Garveyites. (Szwed
notes that the Nation ofIslam may have even been inspired to begin putting out
their newspaper, Muhammad Speaks, by the numerous handouts and pamphlets
Sun Ra brought to the Park (106).) When Ra formed his own band in the early
fifties (featuring musicians such as John Gilmore and Pat Patrick, who would go
on to play with him for nearly forty years) and recorded Jazz by Sun Ra (later
retitled Sun Song) on the Transition label in 1956, he made an unprecedented
arrangement to insert a short pamphlet of poems into the record sleeve. One
section explains in this synaesthetic vein that


    Poems are Music:
    Some ofthe songs I write are based on my poems; for this reason, I
    am including some ofthem with this album in order that those who
    are interestedmay understandthatpoems are music, and that music is
    only another form of poetry. I consider every creative musical
    composition as being a 'tone poem '.


The poetry and mysticism was lost on the few reviewers, including a young Nat
Hentoff, who wrote in a 1958 Downbeat that I'd like to hear them in a blowing
date without the needfor Hegel, and proceeded to complain about the space
wasted on Ra's remarkably bad poems' (Szwed 159).


But poetry remained crucial to the development of the Arkestra. Some of Sun
Ra's poems served as lyrics to tunes like Enlightenment, some were
programmatic (not sung, but printed on record jackets to supplement the music)
like Nothing Is and Astro Black, and a number were used as chants as the
Arkestra developed what Ra called cosmo drama or myth-ritual, concerts with
dancers, light shows, formulaic recitations and fantastic space costumes. Often
these shows would close with members of the Arkestra parading into the
audience, chanting Rocket No.9, We Travel the Spaceways, Outer Spaceways
Incorporated, or Space is the Place. John Szwed informs us that even the
written poetry was central to the Arkestra conception of cosmo drama: in
concert, Sun Ra or one of the singers/dancers (like June Tyson or Verta Mae
Grosvenor) would recite poems, sometimes to musical accompaniment (250-51).
There is a difference between the chants and the more esoteric and exegetical
varieties of Ra's poetry, of course, but in many ways the verse seems to have
functioned on a continuum - poetry practiced and disseminated in a space of
ritual performance.


Sun Ra's writing was never published commercially, although in 1969

                                        42

Doubleday expressed interest in publishing a collection. Instead, Ra prepared a
two volume selection called The Immeasurable Equation and Extensions Out:
The Immeasurable Equation Vol. 2, which were initially published in 1972 by EI
Saturn Research, Inc., Ra's own recording company, and then reappeared in a
number ofrevised and expanded editions over the next two decades. (There are
also at least two recordings of Sun Ra reading his poetry to the accompaniment
ofthe Arkestra: a radio broadcast on WXPN in Philadelphia on Christmas Day,
1976, which is a hard-to-find but particularly illuminating performance, and a
session for Blast First Records in October, 1991, in a project apparently aborted
due to Sun Ra's declining health.) In fact, the volumes of The Immeasurable
Equation were never formally distributed - for years, copies have been
obtainable almost exclusively through collectors or at Arkestra concerts. So the
dissemination circuits even of the written poetry have always quite close to the
ritual space ofthe Arkestra performances, and must be approached through that
link.


A typology of Sun Ra's poetry would be broad and eccentric, as one might
expect. Besides the chants, the programmatic liner note poems, and the song
lyrics, there are equally a variety ofhumorous or campy poems, for instance - as
should be evident in the Esquire poem, Sun Ra's sense ofcomedy should never
be underestimated. Humor was an important part ofthe Arkestra cosmo ritual as
well. Lorenzo Thomas describes it this way: Sun Ra and his band from outer
space' have set out to design an 'alter destiny 'for the inhabitants ofthis planet
by means ofa re-vision ofthe roots from which we spring. Their lever isjoy
(Thomas, Mathemagic 16). Mystery smiles, for Sun Ra, and the sound ofjoy is
enlightenment. He even commented that the problem with most jazz avant garde
musicians is that they don't know how to connect with people.... They have no
sense ofhumor. Asked how his own music helped his listeners, he continued:


    First ofaliI express sincerity. There's also that sense ofhumor, by
    which people sometimes learn to laugh about themselves. 1mean, the
    situation is so serious that the people could go crazy because ofit.
    They need to smile and realize how ridiculous everything is. A race
    without a sense ofhumor is in bad shape. A race needs clowns. In
    earlier days people know that. Kings always had a court jester
    around. In that way he was always reminded how ridiculous things
    are. 1 believe that nations too should have jesters, in the congress,
    near the president, everywhere... You could call me thejester ofthe
    creator. (Vuijsje 16, 19, quoted in Szwed 236)


This humor is apparent in a number of poems, including Sun Song, God Wot,

                                        43

The Art Scene, and the deadpan Birds Without Wings:


        Birds without wings
        Birds without wings
        Poised, tensed---
        Are they unaware
         There are no wings
         Where wings should be?


        Birds without wings
        Poised and tensed
         Take off
        Sailing, sailing
        Alas....
         They drop to earth.


        Are they hurt?
        Bruised, bewildered
        Angry
         They rush to the take-offplace
        Again.
        Poised, tensed
        Ready, Go!
        Birds without wings.


This type of poem is not always light camp: sometimes there is even a kind of
didactic humor in the exegetical word equation poems, as in Alert, or Detour:
This is a precision span / Thejourney is discipline plane! / Beware! / Rights /
Rites / Right rite [...] Words / Snares: Entrapment [...] / Words: Words!Beware
/ Warning!".


The varieties ofSun Ra's poetry also include prophetic verse, pronouncements,
poems that approach jeremiad - some almost petulant:


         Are you thinking ofmetaphysics
         alone? Well, don't.
                              (The Other Side ofMusic)


Some are nightmares, hauntings (On the Edge of the Thin-Between, 'The
Visitation '), or respites, poetic harbors, visions ofdeliverance. Others work the
recombination to the point ofgrammatical mind-bending:

                                          44

        After that, what is there after that?
        And that afterwards is
        Or doubly no The not ofthose things which are. . . . .
        IfI to be am
        Then to be is and are.
                            (After That)


There are invocations and praise songs, as to The Outer Darkness and The
Pivoting Planes. There are a number of quick poems, marginalia, ditties and
throwaways - like Langston Hughes, Sun Ra has a poem for every occasion, and
the writing can be extremely uneven. Some poems approach a kind of
noumenous naturalism, like When Angels Speak and Nothing Is:


        Atfirst nothing is
        Then nothing transforms itselfto be air
        Sometimes the air transforms itselfto be water
        And the water becomes rain andfalls to earth;
        Then again, the air through friction becomesfire
        So the nothing and the air and the water
        And the fire are really the same
        Upon different degrees.


There are recurring quirks: Sun Ra seems to have a predilection for the French
word sans, for example, and - although he almost never attempts to represent
dialect or speech patterns in his poetry - inexplicably always writes lightning
without the "g" as at the end of Other Thoughts:

        Now and then tiring ofwhat they call reality
        Bruised and beaten by itsforce
        I step into the friendly city ofthe forest
        Ofwhat they call illusion
        There to tend my wounds
        And heal them
        With the lightnin ' touch
        Ofbalanced thought
        And the splendid comradeship ofother worlds. . . .


Towards a Poetics of Exegesis

I want to conclude by qualifying in more detail the poetic practices ofSun Ra-

                                        45

what I will call a poetics ofrecombination or an exegetical poetics. On the sleeve
ofthe classic Saturn record Cosmic Tonesfor Mental Therapy (recorded inNew
York in 1963), there are words from Sun Ra and from Umbra-affiliated writer
Henry Dumas about what the latter called the ultimate rhythm of cosmic
mathematics. Sun Ra's statement is programmatic, but seemingly not in relation
to the music:


   PROPER EVALUATION OF WORDS AND LETTERS IN THEIR
    PHONETIC AND ASSOCIATED SENSE, CANBRING THE PEOPLE
    OF EARTH INTO THE CLEAR LIGHT OF PURE COSMIC
    WISDOM


This note would itselflater be published as a poem (To the Peoples ofthe Earth,
Black Fire 217). Sun Ra would return to this formulation of poetics again and
again: the idea that his poems were, as he told one interviewer, all scientific
equations. I am dealing outside conventional wisdom. I want to explore the
ultradimensions ofbeing (Spady 26).


Although the relationship of Ra's writing to black traditions of poetry was
oblique, there is evidence that he read in those traditions. At one point, he noted:
I wasn't influenced by Paul Laurence Dunbar'spoetry. He was a sentimentalist.
I'm a scientist.... I take the position of a scientist who comes from another
dimension" (Szwed 327). What returns is that claim ofscience, a word Ra seems
to understand through his commitment to Egyptian-derived mystery systems and
Kabbalistic hermeneutics:

    What I want to do is associate words so theyproduce a certainfact. If
    you mix two chemical products you produce a reaction. In the same
    way ifyou put together certain words you'll obtain a reaction which
    will have a valuefor people on this planet. That's why I continue to
    put words together. Einstein said he was lookingfor an equationfor
    eternal life. But we built the atomic bomb, and his project has never
    materialized. But I'm sure he was right. To put words together, or,
    even ifyou could, to paint the image that is necessary to put out the
    vibrations that we need, that would change the destiny ofthe whole
    planet. (Noames 75, quoted in Szwed 319-20)


There is an especially pronounced echo of traditions of Kabbalah, an esoteric
and multiple-layered tradition ofpost-Talmudic Jewish mysticism in which the
ecstatic experience ofthe Torah often involves breaking down the Hebrew text,
contemplating a single letter as a divine name, or even recombining letters in the

                                        46

Torah to aid allegorical readings ofBiblical passages. Even for the more radical
Kabbalists, though, such as Abraham Abulafia, who used a host of techniques
like Temurah (letter substitution in carefully limited cases), Gematria
(numerological substitution), and letter combination (anagram, palindrome), still
Hebrew was privileged over all languages for its claimed divine nature (Idel 12,
99). Ra's practice differs in that it is multilingual, willing to make equations
between different languages. He told one interviewer:


   I'm a wordologist. Words' what's doing this. You've got to have
   numerology. You've got to have phonetics. You've got to have all
   these things and then the world will straighten out. They worship the
   Son of God but they don't understand. In French, Son's equal to
    'sound, 'so, 'sound ofGod. ' They've got it wrong. They think it's 'the
   son. ' They say the word was madeflesh. It's really about sound - and
   it wasn't made flesh, ifwas made fresh. All these things the creator
   told me in Alabama. I'm dealing with words that can prove
   themselves - that can prove themselves to be correct. (Steingroot 50)


(Unfortunately, the corpus ofarticles and interviews around Sun Ra often leave
only hints as to the implications of such procedures. This is partly due to Sun
Ra's own obfuscation strategies, and partly because interviewers simply could
not or would not follow him down these paths. We are left with a kind of
biographical literalism, an attempt to tease out the real life ofSonny Blount, that
ends up disparaging the seriousness ofhis poetics. For instance, directly after the
passage above, the interviewer's next question is: You were born in Alabama?)


As these permutations ofthe soundofGod indicate, Sun Ra's poetics also differ
from Kabbalistic exegesis in that Ra is most interested in phonetic (rather than
graphic) recombinations and substitutions as a route to the allegorical. He trades
primarily in homonyms, not in letters or words. Consider the conclusion of
Every Thought is Alive:


         The myth among other things
         May be considered as "a tale that is told",
        And the end ofthe tale is a tale that is
         tolled and likewise
         The end ofa tale is the goal.
                            (Every Thought is Alive)


So Ra's Biblical hermeneutics sound a bit more than the literal mathematics ofa
Kabbalist like Abulafia. In reconstructing and recombining the Scripture, Sun

                                         47

Ra hears it off the page into allegory:


    You're just like in a science fiction film now. You've outlived the
   Bible, which was your scenario. Everybody had a part in that. Black
   people have been singing a long time, 'When the roll is called up
   yonder I'll be there'. But they didn't know it was spelledrole, not roll.
    They had a part to act and they acted it. White people began to think
   that black people are like this or like that, but they were only acting
   parts. Someone gave them these parts to act. Ofcourse, the white race
   had a part to act too. They had to deal with white supremacy and
   other things - lies. But the point is that they all were acting parts in
    this play, this drama. You might call it a passion play. The passion
   play moves over into words. (Sun Ra, Your Only Hope Now Is a Lie
    106)


In offering these examples, I should note also that Sun Ra's poetics of
recombination are not always directed at phrases from Biblical scripture. The
techniques and procedures of Sun Ra's exegesis are reminiscent of Kabbalah,
but Ra employs them to read both the sacred and the profane - verses from the
Bible about the Word ofGod, as well as lyrics from slave Spirituals like When
the roll is called up yonder, common cliches like Once upon a time and
Tomorrow never comes, and even sixties pop culture epigrams like I'm free,
white and 21. (At the same time, although Ra's exegetical devices are
particularly complex, such a breadth ofanalysis is again quite reminiscent ofthe
African American folk visionary tradition.) Thus the poetics ofRa are singular
not just in their multilingualism and their phonetic focus, but also in their
willingness to read the light ofpure cosmic wisdom by recombining a wide
variety of texts. For Ra, the sacred can be read through any surface.


Szwed tells us that one of the first books on poetics that attracted Ra was
Southern poet Sidney Lanier's The Science ofEnglish Verse (1880). Somewhat
like Poe's idiosyncratic work on the Poetic Principle, Lanier's book is peculiar
in that it argues for the primacy ofsound as artistic material in verse, examining
categories of duration, intensity, pitch, and tone-color. There is also a long
section on poetic rhythm. For Lanier, all verse, whether recited or on the page,
amounts ultimately to a set ofspecially relatedsounds (21). He coins the phrase
the imagination ofthe ear in deference to this phonic primacy: thoseperceptions
ofsound which come to exist in the mind, not by virtue ofactual vibratory
impact upon the tympanum immediatelypreceding the perception, but by virtue
ofindirect causes (such as the characters ofprint andofwriting) which in any
way amount to practical equivalents ofsuch impact (22). As we see, this is a

                                        48

little different formally from the modernist espousal ofpoetry approaching the
quality 0/ music in one way or another, whether in Louis Zukofsky's
Objectivism or in Langston Hughes' blues poetry. Lanier sees no division
between speech and writing; all graphic techniques point to phonema: so he
places emphasis on sounds and silences and their representations in form (29).
In other words, poetry ends up being music: [T]he main distinction between
music andverse is, when stated with scientific precision, the difference between
the scale 0/ tones used in music and the scale 0/ tones used by the human
speaking-voice (31). Moreover, speech, not being limited to a tempered scale,
has a much broader tone-range to explore than music for Lanier (47).


This is a bit too dogmatic for Sun Ra, but we see some ofthe beginnings ofhis
phonetic poetics here. Lanier finally does not seem to recognize difference
among various graphic techniques: perhaps because his conception of literary
form is so conventional, it never occurs to him that the manipulation of
orthographic conventions (the way a phoneme is represented) and line cab hone
and alter an articulation, can affect the way the ear is coordinatedto a particular
set ofsounds. He doesn't see, in Aldon Nielsen's words, that writing affords the
possibility oftranspositions beyondthose available in speech (Nielsen 256). Nor
is Lanier attentive to tensions between the structure ofa poem on the page and
its possible reading(s) off that page - issues of performance, accent,
improvisation, the poem as kind ofscore to be realized in recitation. To Sun Ra,
writing more than half a century later, and after the detonation of black
expressive cultures in the 1920s, these issues come easily. When you said Good
morning to Sun Ra, he would ask whether you meant Good morning or Good
mourning (Szwed 104).


What poetics do we end up with here? One might note some convergences
between Sun Ra's aesthetic and some more contemporary modes of black
experimental writing. I'm thinking ofthe similar kind ofrecombinatory impulse
in the work of poets like Harryette Mullen and Ed Roberson, or in the
anagrammatic scat of Nathaniel Mackey. Interestingly, though, the most
pronounced correspondences arise with a number ofthe black Caribbean writers
who have espoused various approaches to the Calibanization of English,
twisting sound and sense, deforming and reforming the shape of words on the
page. Edward Kamau Brathwaite, especially in the trilogy comprising the books
Mother Poem, Sun Poem, and X/Self, begins to wring the word in a manner that
- though much more based in orality, and in Bajan speech styles - at times
comes near the etymological interest in the open or polyvalent word that we find
in Sun Ra's writing (see Mackey). In a number of his articles, as well as the
poems, Brathwaite has offered permutations or recombinations of signature

                                          49

words like nam:


   'Nam' is 'man' spelt backwards, man in disguise, man who has to
   reverse his consciousness as the capsule reverses its direction in order
   to enter in to the new world in a disguised or altered state of
   consciousness. 'Nam ' also suggests 'root, ' or beginning, because of
    yam, ' the African yam,' 'nyam.' to eat, and the whole culture
   contained in it. It is then able to expand itself back from 'nam' to
   'name, ' which is anotherform of 'name ': the name that you once had
   has lost its 'e, ' thatfragile part ofitself, eaten by Prospero, eaten by
   the conquistadores, but preserving its essentialness, its alpha, its 'a'
   protected by those two intransigent consonants, 'n' and 'm.' The
   vibrations 'nmnmnm' are what you get before the beginning ofthe
   world. And that 'nam ' can return to 'name' and the god 'Nyame. '
   Andso it ispossible to conceive ofour history not only being capsuled
   and contracted,       but finally expanding once more outwards.
   (Brathwaite, History, the Caribbean Writer and X/Self 33-4)


The difference between Brathwaite and Sun Ra, finally, would hinge on the
commitment of the former to the lyric, and to poetic form. Brathwaite
recombines, but is not exegetical, in the poetry - words are wrung and thereby
rung, but the operations are not explained. Brathwaite reveals a word-artist's
reluctance to divulge, to decode, for the reader, preferring to let the lyric sing. In
the fascinating notes to X/Self(1987), for instance, he opens by writing:


   [M]y references (my nommos and icons) may appear mysterious,
   meaningless even, to both Caribbean andnon-Caribbean readers. So
   the notes... which I hope are helpful, but which I provide with great
   reluctance, since the irony is that they may suggest the poetry is so
   obscure in itselfthat it has to be lighted up; is so lame, that it has to
   have a crutch; and (most hurtful ofall) that it is bookish, academic,
    'history '.... The impression, in other words, is that I write the poems
   from the notes, when in fact I have to dig up these notes from
   fragments, glimpses, partial memories.... (Brathwaite, X/Self 113)


The supplementary notes notwithstanding, Brathwaite's poems themselves
inscribe the page with a graphic musicality, as in X'Self's Xth Letters from the
Thirteen Provinces, where we encounter the poet sittin down here infront a dis
stone/face with an electrical mallet, carving and chipp/in dis poem onta dis
tablet/ chiss/ellin darkness writin in light (87). The lyricism is left ragged,
intentionally unfinished, so that the implications of the phrase X/Self for our

                                         50

understanding ofCaribbean subjectivity continue to resonate suggestively: Why
a callin it I x? II a doan writely I know" (84). Sun Ra, as a multi-disciplinary
artist arguably with less of a commitment to poetic lyric, never minds being
didactic, even when it renders his writing flat. So in the place of Brathwaite's
obliquity, we find Ra's poem Symbolic Meaning ofthe X, which almost reads
like an explication ofXISelfthrough myth-science recombination, opening:


          THE TIME OF EARTH IS THE X OF EARTH
          XIS THE TIME
          XIS THE EMIT
          THAT IS: THE CAST OUT
          X IS THE AIM . . . THE SOLUTION
          SYMBOL OF THE PROBLEM . . .
          X IS THE BRIDGE SYMBOL ANSWER
          VIEW X FROM MANY POINTS,
                  AND SEE THE POTENTIAL                .


Sun Ra, assuming the prophet's prerogative, would appear to prefer didacticism
in his poetry, letting his words fall prosaically to emphasize the mathematics of
the sound-equations over the music of the sounds.


Still, it should be clear that Ra is much closer to Brathwaite's poetics (even the
latter's recent Sycorax video style, which goes so far as to tamper with fonts and
type sizes in an effort to catch a musical dynamic among words on the page)
than to other varieties of so-called concrete or visual poetry. At times this
characterization might be surprising: one might expect Sun Ra's Egyptian
interest to lead him to a poetics reminiscent, say, ofthe opening ofZora Neale
Hurston's classic essay Characteristics ofNegro Expression, where she claims
that the white man thinks in a written language and the Negro thinks in
hieroglyphics. Hurston provocatively asserts that the Negro... must addaction to
it to make it do. So we have 'chop-axe, , 'sitting-chair, , 'cook-pot' and the like
because the speaker has in his mind the picture ofthe object in use (49). But
Sun Ra's studied focus on phonetics, the ways sound inheres in the written
word, never approaches this pictorial sense of language. Ra seems attracted to
the cryptology represented by hieroglyphs, but seldom turns to their implications
for a figuative or ideogrammatic poetry on the page.


I will close with one more comparison, to take us back to the myth-science
question with which we began. It will perhaps be surprising to note the
correspondence between Sun Ra's theory of poetic language and that of
Guyanese novelist Wilson Harris. But consider the Manifesto of the Unborn

                                         51

State ofExile in Harris's 1965 novel The Eye ofthe Scarecrow:


   Language is one's medium ofthe vision ofconsciousness. There are
   other ways - shall I say - ofarousing this vision. But language alone
   can express (in a way which goes beyond any physical or vocal
   attempt) the sheer- the ultimate 'silent' and 'immaterial' complexity
   ofarousal. Whatever sympathy one may feelfor a concrete poetry -
   where physical objects are usedandadopted- thefact remains (in my
   estimation) that the original grain or grains oflanguage cannot be
   trapped or proven. It is the sheer mystery - the impossibility of
   trapping its own grain - on which poetry lives and thrives.... Which is
   concerned with a genuine sourcelessness, a fluid logic ofimage. So
   that any genuine act ofpossession by one's inner eye is a subtle
   dispersal ofillusoryfact, dispossession ofone 's outer orphysical eye.
   (95)


In Sun Ra there is also a tum away from the pure formalism ofa concrete poetry
and towards a poetics that reaches for the sacred, for vision ofconsciousness,
arousing it through language - through what Sun Ra calls the multi-self of
words, and what Harris calls a fluid logic ofimage. For Sun Ra as for Harris,
languages are broken, intermingled, already contaminated by ragged roots that
must be read to tease out or stitch up the fabric of mystery, the universal but
uncapturableprinciple ofmediation. (Sun Ra' s poetics may be more drastic only
in that they finally operate not just on language, but also on the self- thus Ra's
early renaming and life-long effort to construct an alter autobiography. For him,
the multi-selfofwords is also, and profoundly, the multiple recombinations of
the poem that is Sun Ra.) Consequently, in such reading, in the re-hearing ofthe
jagged edge between phoneme and grapheme, the stakes are high.


This arousal of one's inner eye beyond the superficialities of everyday life,
beyond what Harris terms illusory fact, is not an idealism, in the end: it is an
exegetical imperative. It is not an espousal of some pure speech to be
reconstructed through some messianic poetry; instead, it is the impossible task of
spelling something new and different, mankind's alter destiny, walking the
tightrope between sign and speech. The stakes are high - Sun Ra would say the
stakes might well be hi, be welcoming, brothers ofthe impossible peering over
the rim ofthe myth to say hello. Solar myth-science: a poetics ofexegesis, from
the Greek exegeisthai (to explain, to interpret), from ex- and hegeisthai (to lead):
thus, to lead out or away. A poetics where sound-equations mark an impossible
exit, a way out of no way: from Mr. Ra to mystery.


                                         52

Works Cited

Baldwin, James. The Fire Next Time. New York: The Dial Press, 1963.
     Reprinted in The Price of the Ticket: Collected Nonfiction, 1948-1985.
     New York: St. Martin's, 1985.333-79.
Baraka, Amiri. The Autobiography ofLeroi Jones/Amiri Baraka. New York:
     Freundlich Books, 1984.
Baraka, Amiri. The Changing Same (R&B and the New Black Music) (1966).
     Black Music. New York: Quill, 1967. 180-211.
Baraka, Amiri. Sun Ra (1993). Eulogies. New York: Marsilio Publications,
      1996. 171-74.
Bodmer, Frederick. The Loom ofLanguage. New York: W. W. Norton, 1944.
Brathwaite, Edward Kamau. History, the Caribbean Writer andX/Self. In Crisis
     and Creativity in the New Literatures in English. Ed. Geoffrey Davis and
      Hena Maes-Jelinek. Amsterdam: Rodopi, 1990.23-45.
Brathwaite, Edward Kamau. X'Self. New York: Oxford U. Press, 1987.
Christian, Barbara. The Racefor Theory. Cultural Critique 6 (Spring 1987): 51-
      64.
Corbett, John. Sun Ra: Gravity and Levity. Extended Play. Durham: Duke U.
      Press, 1994. 308-17.
Ellington, Duke. The Racefor Space (c. 1957). The Duke Ellington Reader. Ed.
      Mark Tucker. New York: Oxford U. Press, 1993.293-296.
Fiofori, Tam. Sun Ra's Space Odyssey. Downbeat (May 1970): 14-17.
Harris, Wilson. The Eye ofthe Scarecrow. London: Faber & Faber, 1965.
Honan, William H. Le Mot Justefor the Moon. Esquire (July 1969): 53-56, 138-
      39.
Hurston, Zora Neale. Characteristics ofNegro Expression. InNegro Anthology.
      Ed. Nancy Cunard. London, 1934. Reprinted in Hurston, The Sanctified
      Church (Berkeley: Turtle Island Press, 1983), 49-68.           .
Idel, Moshe. Language, Torah andHermeneutics in Abraham Abulafia. Albany,
      NY: SUNY Press, 1989.
Kuhn, Thomas. The Structure ofScientific Revolutions. Chicago: U. Chicago
      Press, 1962.
Lanier, Sidney. The Science of English Verse (1880). Reprinted in The
      Centennial Edition Vol. 2, ed. P. Baum. Baltimore: Johns Hopkins U.
      Press, 1945.
Lock, Graham. Forces in Motion: The Music and Thoughts ofAnthony Braxton.
      New York: Da Capo, 1988.


                                      53

Mackey, Nathaniel. Wringing the Word. World Literature Today 68.4 (Autumn
     1994): 733-40.
Nielsen, Aldon. Black Chant: Languages ofAfrican-American Postmodemism.
     New York: Cambridge U. Press, 1997.
Noames, Jean-Louis. Visite au Dieu-Soleil. Jazz Magazine (Paris) 125
     (December 1969): 70-77.
Oren, Michael. The Umbra Poets' Workshop, 1962-1965: Some Socio-Literary
     Puzzles." In Studies in Black American Literature Vol.II: Beliefvs. Theory
     in Black American Literary Criticism. Ed. Joe Weixlmann and Chester J.
     Fontenot. Greenwood, FL: Penkevill Publishing Co., 1986. 177-223.
Spady, James G. Indigene = Folkski Equations in the Black Arts. The Black
     Scholar (November-December 1978): 24-33.
Steingroot, Ira. Sun Ra 's Magical Kingdom. Reality Hackers (Winter 1988): 46-
     51.
Sun Ra. Cosmic Tones for Mental Therapy (New York 1963) / Art Forms of
     Dimensions Tomorrow (New York 1961-62). Reissued as Evidence 22036.
Sun Ra. Extensions Out: The Immeasurable Equation Vol. 2. Chicago: Ihnfinity
     Inc.lSaturn Research, 1972.
Sun Ra. The Immeasurable Equation. Chicago: Ihnfinity Inc./Satum Research,
     1972.
Sun Ra. The Immeasurable Equation. Philadelphia: Le Sony'r Ra, 1980 (in
     different versions).
Sun Ra. The Immeasurable Equation. Philadelphia: El Saturn/Millbrae, CA:
     Omni Press, 1985 (in different versions).
Sun Ra. Jazz by Sun Ra. Transition Records (1957). Reissued as Sun Song.
     Delmark DD 411.
Sun Ra. My Music is Words. The Cricket: Black Music in Evolution 1(1968): 4-
     11.
Sun Ra. Selectedpoems (The DisguisedAim, The Gardenedofthe Eatened, The
     Invented Memory, The Cosmic-Blueprints, Primary Lesson: The Second
     Class Citizens, The Myth ofMe, The Plane: Earth, Precision Fate). Umbra
     Anthology 1967-1968. Ed. David Henderson. New York: Umbra, 1968. 3-
     7.
Sun Ra. Selected poems (Saga of Resistance, The Visitation, Of the Cosmic
     Blueprints, Would I For All That Were, Nothing Is, To the Peoples ofthe
     Earth, The Image Reach, The Cosmic Age). Black Fire: An Anthology of
     Afro-American Writing. Ed. Leroi Jones and Larry Neal. New York:
     William Morrow and Co., 1968. 212-220.
Sun Ra. Your Only Hope Now Is A Lie. Transcript of a talk given at
     Soundscape, New York, Nov. 11,1979. Hambone 2 (Fall 1982): 98-114.


                                       54

    [Also available as a recording: The Possibility ofan AlteredDestiny, Sun
    Ra Arkestra, Livefrom Soundscape (Disk Union DIW-388B).]
Szwed, John F. Space is the Place: The Lives and Times ofSun Ra. New York:
    Pantheon Books, 1997.
Thomas, Lorenzo. Ascension: Music and the Black Arts Movement. In Jazz
    Among the Discourses. Ed. Krin Gabbard. Durham: Duke U. Press, 1995.
    256-74.
Thomas, Lorenzo. 'Classical Jazz' and the Black Arts Movement. African
    American Review 29.2 (Summer 1995): 237-40.
Thomas, Lorenzo. The Mathemagic ofSun Ra. The Ann Arbor Sun (April 5-19,
     1974): 16-17.
Thomas, Lorenzo. The Shadow World:New York's Umbra Workshop & Origins
    ofthe Black Arts Movement. Callaloo 4.1 (October 1978): 53-72.
Toop, David. If You Find Earth Boring. . . Travels in the Outer Imagination
    with Sun Ra. Ocean ofSound: Aether Talk, Ambient SoundandImaginary
     Worlds. London: Serpent's Tail, 1995.23-32.
Vuijsje, Bert. Sun Ra Spreekt. Jazz Wereld (October 1968): 16-19.
Wright, Jay. Desire's Design, Vision's Resonance: Black Poetry's Ritual and
    Historical Voice. Callaloo 10.1 (1986): 13-28.




                                     55


                                                             The Poems"




             ~-                      .--
                                           .

*The poems are listed according to the alphabetical order oftheir titles.


A BLUEPRINTIDECLARATION
One part of an equation
Is a blueprintldeclaration ot the other part
Similar
Yet differentially not                              ,
each side Is 811
In different st.tement form
Equation.... equations
It II nothlna
I' It II an
SUII the,. .r. different ana
Th. end II all
But ell II everything
Vet ~f everything II all/the end
It denies the other Iide of the end
For some endl
Heye many points leading to their respective lelves
And there .re/ll eAch/their many points
leading out from their
Reapectlw 렁Iv...




                                       59

A Cosmic Standard

Complexities plus complexities
See the mathematics
White complexities
Black complexities
Brown complexities
Yellow complexities
Red complexities
Blue complexities
See the mathematics
The precision mathematics
Ofthe complexities


Happiness is a complex consideration:
White happiness
Black happiness
Brown happiness
Yellow happiness
Red happiness
Blue happiness
These different spheres of happiness
If from and to different points
Are each a sphere a world all its own.




                                      60

A Natural Free

A man wants to be a natural free
Not to languish in a cell
Hidden from the world
Unkempt
With harassed soul.
A man wants to be a natural free
As it were meant
That he should be
As it were right
That he should be
A man wants to be a natural free
So he can be.




                                  61

The Absolute Like

This their 'life' is a comedy of errors
For it is human-life
That graces the roles that people play
And the play never ends
It never really begins to be
Producers produce
Plays but play and people unknowingly
act their parts
Like willing puppets .... absolute upon
a string
Puppet by puppet upon a string.




                                       62

"According to nature's laws and law"*

  According to nature's laws and law
  I be as I am and what I am not even
   Because and yet not even because
   Because and yet not even because
   Because, for, and, that is .. why ..
              Then and so
                Perhaps
                  May
              IfIdolwill
         And if I don't I won't
Either way I do and I don't perspectively
     Why, when how, what, which
         Yes, no ..... neither.






*See "Nature's Laws" for another version.

                                       63

After That

After that, what is there after that?
And that afterwards is
Or doubly no The not of those things which are .....
If I to beam
Then to be is and are.


Why did other voices speak to you
And enchant your mind . . . . .. ?
It is what your mind is must seek to understand
Beyond the planes of earth-light love.
And what are planes of love, if no you do not?
      Cascades of emotion: if no you do not
      shimmering ecstacy: if not is the wisdom.
I have known a heaven all my own
Ifothers know of it
Say or if they do not to me ...
I have seen eye to eye with every mind's eye
That I have touched vibrationally upon the planet
Without antagonistic resistance understanding always
            and
Basically why those were as they were.
How bitterly long have I searched
For all that is mine: Now I must be, I must be:
     And mine is mine .....
My immortal pure idea
My sound idea     .
My virgin version
I came to be of
If that conception that I will to be




                                        64

After-Thought

I take my magic wand in hand and touch
The mind of the world;
I speak in sounds.
What am I saying?
Listen!
"These are the things spoken from
My heart ...
These are of and are my intimate treasures,
I give them to those who live and love
Both life and living."




                                     65

Alert

Ah, the magic of words,
The easy flow ofthem:
Rush     ebbing like a tide -----
Rush     recede.


The tumult oftumultous [sic] thought
Crowding the brain . . .
Usurping every cell ...
Penetrating the seething subconsciousness


The hideousness ofwords;
The hurt of them
Lunge! thrust! parry!
Leap with nimble feet
Ofeverlasting youth ------ alert!
Best not let them touch you.
There is poison on the blade.




                                     66

Alter Is

Brothers are people,
And the expansion share are peoples;
Brothers on the upper plane
Ofthe abyss
Bottomless ...
They are not because they are,
Because they are not of some dimension once as was
These planes apparent/duplicity
Multiple differences.
Behold, the projection thought!
At some point or pointlessness,
We outgrow the worlds' word ...
Summit-intent-declaration,
And ride above the clouds
To the sound of the other energy vibrations ...
It is the outward reach of all that is
When not is
It is the other/alter is




                                       67

{And Some Music]

And some music is not music
But some notness is noteness
Sound of the realm not
Otherness.


One day you will see
That thatness
Through the image of the eye
And the multi-I of the council of the I's.


One day
Not once
But hence
Thence
There
Other where
Twice the day
Twice
Twice before the time
And .... And       .
Twice above         beyond .... below
Eternal .... twice
Never with the remembrance ofonce
Once
Never upon a time
Twice Twice
You will see that thatness
Thereness .... Theirness . . . . themness


Light birds lighting land
Upon the land birds light
And the light is as the darkness
Within they dwell the land.


Through the eye
The sound has spoken thatness
This is
And my thatness


                                        68

Angelic Brothers

Knowledge cannot know me
And wisdom cannot describe
The delicate mystery of love
For you are my friends
I call you friends
Angelic brothers
For ofthe world of
That which is not to the world
The unknown-twin dimension-being.
Are you as I am Other Eternal To Be.




                                    69

Another Fate

To rise above all the cultures of the land
Is to appreciate all.
Yet be apart and a part.
Above the scene of many lands
The ills of man are seen
And simultaneously
The potentials of greater intent:
Another fate
Better than anything they have
Ever known
Hovers quietly ever just within reach.
The greater intent
Ofbeing beyond
The intermingled scheme of good and evil.
Beyond good and evil
Beyond life and death
Is beyond the cycle, the 0 of earth.
The circle is the earth
The full degree of the circle
Is the measure of the [0 of] earth[.]*
And thereby the oath
The measure of the oath
Is the measure of the way
Which is the abstract path or code.




       .........'-~c--.-                 -
                                        .

* Words and punctuation in brackets appear in the 1980 version but not in the 1972
version.

                                         70

[Anything can give up its life]

Anything can give up its life,
Why don't you give up your death?
Why don't you do something different
Something that was never done before?
So that the universe will know you're here
So you can stand and speak to the universe
And say "Here I am!
I am just like you:
Endless, Immeasurable, Eternal, Impossible"


The universe has shown you the way


Go out look at the stars
They're always around
Go out and look at the sky
It's always there
Go out and look at the sun
In the morning
It's always here.
Why do you have to go?
Why should you leave the stars
And the sun and the moon
And the universe all alone?




                                     71

The Arm

The arm thrust itself through the dry-baked earth
Its fingers moved and reached toward space
And searched like eyes, in far places for
The sight ofbeauty.
The arm twisted and turned with lightning
Imperativeness as if to reach the point
Ofthe borders of the day that touch
Each other on the rim of the precision-discipline.
Where is the place of the circles of
the eternities?
Suddenly the arm played music sounds
The world had never heard before . . .
And yet the world knew the meaning of the sounds
The sounds commanded another weight of the way.
Like a greater light, a living fire
They held the greater day of the alter-age
Through sundry equations of projection-being.




                                       72

The Art Scene*

My room speaks to me,
"Hello," it says.
The rose-woven draperies . . . . . . . . . .
The beige window shades . . . . . . . . . . ..
The blue flowered walls                       .
The rounded ceiling                            .
The gold in sundry places
Interspersed with turqouise and wine
Orchid and black                               .
        "Hello," my room says, "Hello".


The lamp stands by the window near the wall
-- Alive and wistful --
The jade green chest slyly blends
And adds its touch
As the colors clash in mid-air
And say in one voice,
"Hello, my friend, hello".


The Grecian colonnades -------- royal blue ---------
Nod their heads         .
They are contrasted with silver
And there are ming trees upon the shelf.
An art scene ofdelight I created this to be.
What a pleasure it is to hear them say,
"Hello", "Hello", "Hello",
As they all speak to me.




*Punctuation and line arrangement taken from 1980 version. Stanzas and indent atend
offirst stanza taken from 1972 version.

                                           73

Astra Black*

Astro-Black Mythology
Astro-Timeless Immortality
Astro-Thought in Mystic Sound
Astro-Black ofOuter Space
Astro Natural of Darkest Stars
Astro Reach Beyond the Stars
Out to Endless Endlessness
Astro-Black American
The Universe is in My Voice
The Universe Speaks through the Dawn
To Those of Earth and Other Worlds
Listen While You Have the Chance
Find Your Place among the Stars
Listen to the Outer World
Rhythm Multiplicity
Harmony, Equational
Melody Horizon
Astro Black and Cosmo Dark
Astro Black and Cosmo Dark
Astro Black and Cosmo Dark.
Astro Black Mythology
Astro-Timeless Immortality
Astro Thought in Mystic Sound
Astro Black Mythology




* Recited by June Tyson on the Impulse LP "Astro Black, on ESP DisklZYX CD
"Concert for the Comet Kohoutek", on DIW CD "Live from Soundscape" and on DIW
CD "Live at Pit-Inn".


                                       74

Be-earthed (1972)

Those who are be earthed
Are be erthed
Burthed or berthed
They are placed
In their place
Now Ge is the earth
And Gesus is earthsus
And Ge's is earth's
Ge's us is earth's us
Consider Gheez and Gheezus




Be-Earthed (1980)

Those who are be-earthed
Are be-erthed
Berthed ....
They are phonetically birthed in their berth;
They are placed in
In their place                .
Their place is their prace/praise/glory/fame .... name.


Now Ge is one of the symbolical names ofearth,
And since that can be considered as a basic equation-form;
We might as well consider that Ge's is earth's
And Ge's us is Earth's us.




                                       75

Beyond The Truths (1972)

On many planes
We move with sonic speed
Ofmany worlds
At last we are in need
So long we've dwelt on isolated earth
Sans other spheres
Too long we've dwelt on isolated earth here
Unaware of the things that lie/are
Beyond the truths they thought to be the truth.




Beyond The Truths (1980)

On many planes
We move with sonic speed . .          .
Ofmany worlds
At last we are in need.
So long we've dwelt on isolated earth
Sans other spheres;
Too long we've dwelt on isolated earth ....
Here
Unaware of the things that lie/are beyond the truths
They thought and taught to be the only truth        .
The only possible-positive truth beyond which
There could never be . . . . . . .
Should never be . . . . . . . . . .
Would never be
Another.




                                       76

Beholdl

Behold! Behold!
The mirror of the sound ....
 Thus feel the thrill
 Ofthe living image ofyou ...
 The you, you never allowed to become a reality.
 Behold! The living image ofyou.
 The living self eternal ....
 The you, you seek to deny         .
   The you .. you never allowed
      To become a reality     .
           Listen well     .
      And you will hear
        Ofthe sound mind
           Ofthe spirit ofyou ...
The you ... you never allowed to become
              A living reality ....
Reach into the empty air for love
Love dwells on the other side
          Ofthe boundary
        Ofthe last possibility!




                                    77

Birds Without Wings

Birds without wings
Birds without wings
Poised, tense ---------
Are they unaware
There are no wings
Where wings should be?


Birds without wings
Poised and tense
Take off
Sailing ... sailing ....
Alas!
They drop to earth.


Are they hurt?
Bruised, bewildered
Angry
They rush to the take-off place
Again.
Poised, tense
Ready, Go!
Birds without wings.




                                  78

Black Myth

The role ofblack men
Brilliantly delineated against a different world
     from theirs
The bitter-sweet love ofblacks, the forbidden
     hate
That lingers when all else seems to never have been.


A better destiny I decree
Such tales and tales that are told
Are not my myths
But other myths of black mythology
Radiate from beyond the
      measured borders of time.




                                        79

                         BL.>\CK ON BLACK

                  \Vhite is an echo of black in a
                  different direction. Black is the all of
                  everything because of its endless acceptance
                   like a black bottomless pit. What is
                  within is not known because of
                   its blackness. Light is an inversion
                  of blackness or black in a different
                  dimensional frequency..~ll colors
                   have different frequencies. Black is
                   the storage house of all colors.            .   ~                     )
                   White is a reflector. WJ~!te~M ~p...                              vr--
S I (. v C A."t:JJ glass with a background of           _.  .... ~_.:-----'" ~ -~.r."
                                                                            ..     ..
..     렁_-~~;';'=black wil l reflect that which appears                      ,- -.-
       ~.          before it. White rejects, black
                   accepts. See the mystery of the mirror.
                         On the supernatural plane
                   Black on another superimposed frequency
                   is but a supernatural echo of the white
                   reflected echo.
                   Black endulging in that which is not
                   its frequency will never be a natural success
                   in nature's world.
                   Just because a light is in the darkness does not make
                   the darkness light.
                   \\'hite and the light depends upon power
                   to show its light, Black does
                   not depend upon power to be black,
                   the darkness is a natural phenomena.




   *Facsimile oforiginal version, with handwritten correction and addition by Sun Ra in
   copy owned by Hartmut Geerken. The original reads White transport.



                                           80

Black People White

White people
The puppets of the hidden god
The testing pivots of turning point
White people         .
White white people
Supreme and free
Gods of the Kingdom of the first death
Heaven and earth - the first
White white people.


What does the good book say
"The prince without wisdom
Is a great oppressor"
White people?


Rulers that rule the rule
White people.
Is their rule
Government of the white people
For the white people
By the white people
White white people
And white black people
White black
White people!




                                     81

Black Prince Charming

They are all in darkness ...
When black Prince Charming
Arrayed in deeds of splendour
Comes to awaken black beauty
Sunbursts appear in dark disguises
Bringing to fore
The strange truth of Eternal myth
Is the Sound; It is the
Sound truth ... Music Sound
And there always is music
The music always is
Whatever is
Always whatever is the music is
The sound pure
The sound symmetry
Equational values: vibrational
Differentiations: rhythms,
Harmonies, thought moods, Pattern
Silences that speak
Cohesive points bridges connect
opposites        .
There is black sound
The code
Projection sensitivity
Force reach decision
Perpendicular spirals
Galaxies, planets, earth
Man and his world
And the other world of man
Comprehension response
To the world of angels




                                   82

The Black Rays Race

See how the black rays of the black race
Have touched the immeasurable wisdom
And therefore the unknown quantity
See how they are not understood
Because as they are is not understood
And as what they know is what they are
See the unlimited freedom ofthe black rays.




                                      83

[Blind Man]

Blind Man
Do you see the darkness only
Or is there light different from those
Who are going to digest and die
Do you live in a world
That is not the world of those
Who are going to die
In a long sun dark


Blind man reply
My friend do you not understand that
I am wise because I am blind
Who cannot see anything in the clear light of the sun
Is been told everything in the clear light of the myth.




                                        84

Borders OfNowhere

Forward until you reach
A blank wall
And when you reach
There past the borders of nowhere
Keep marching
Toward the shadow of its height
As ifthere were no wall at all.
What will happen then?
No questions allowed!
Forward in your command ----
So be up and doing
As you're told.




                                  85

The Bound Eternity (1972)

I used to love the woman and the child
and the man
Now I hate the woman
Now I hate the child
Now I hate the man
I hate the type of man
The model of man
The pro-example of man
I hate what the woman has had to be and do
I hate what the man has had to be and do
I hate what the child has had to be and do
I hate this present world
This present futility, this present past
For what is it but the recreated past
A circle, a narrow-bound eternity.
Beyond that circle
Without that circle is the plane potential
Is he who is without
And without is with out
And out is the way, the outer way
For the weigh within is in
But the way with out is out
And out is the way.




                                        86

The Bound Eternity (1980)

 I used to love the woman and the child and the man
Now, I hate the woman
       I hate the child
       I hate the man.
             I hate the pro-example type
                  The programed-image self              .
I hate what the woman has had to be and do
  I hate what the man has had to be and do
    I hate what the child has had to be and do        .
      I hate this present world        .
            This present futility
               This present past
               This past present
For what else is the present but the past disguised
            Everything is still the same
          Today is like a recreated past
                  A circle .... A narrow-bound eternity.
                     Beyond that circle
                   Without that circle is the Outer-Way
                        For out is the way
                          There are many in the inner way
                            Only a few travel
                                The hidden path
                                      Of
                                The Outer Way.




                                        87

The Brass Herald . . . .

        How tender feelings
            Faintly curling at scorn .....
        Like smoke from sparse settled huts;
    Wary and weak
  When contempt with brass heraldings
    Enter the marble-covered door
             Of
  False reality                    .
 It is Omni-discipline of being
     That is invincible




                                      88

Bridges Of Comprehension

Bridges go every where
In their own separate way
      They are paths
   ofwider continuation ... even to
     Abstract comprehension
        Bridges                  .




                                   89

Brothers Of The Sun (1980)

Music can break down any door       .
Be it stone or iron                     .
 Or psychic skullduggery             .
   It is of music pure in sincerity
   Celestial glory-be              .
   That I speak to thee ------------
                    Yes
                    And
                 Indeedidly
      It can teach a king
               To smash tradition's fort
         Cross the moat
                 Offeudal futile passe defense
                   And bring to naught
               The bounds of planned confusion's
                          Languages .....
             That separate and demean
        The brothers of the Sun.




Brother of the Sun (1989)

Music can break down
Any door
Be it stone or iron.
It can teach a king to
Smash tradition's fort
Cross the moat of feudal defense
And bring to naught
The bonds of languages
That separate and demean
The brothers of the sun.




                                       90

By Gollyl (1972)

I always felt and
I always feel
That chance and circumstance
Ofearth-bound life is nothing real.
It is not real
This life they live
Even and what
It has to give.
It is not real
This angel's folly
By heck! By Jove!
By Gosh! By Golly!




By Golly (1980)

I have always felt
And I still always feel
That chance and circumstance
Ofearth-bound life
Is nothing real .....
It is not real
This life they are said to live;
Even and despite all it has to give    .
It is not real
This angel's folly
By heck! By Jove! By Gosh!
By Golly!




                                     91

Calling Planet Earth (January 1990)

There is no need to cry
No need to be confused or bewildered
Listen to the three of us
me, myself and I.
Architectural-equation facts
are the order of the day
There is change everywhere
The stars themselves in the
solar system must be placed
in new places around the sun.
Earth itself must be positioned
in a different place than where it is.
Listen carefully to these words
They are not the words
that have been or was
They are the words that are, is and
am to be.


Ifyou do wrong, you have to pay,
But if you do right, you have to pay too;
Also if you do nothing
You have to pay. They have vagrancy
laws you know.
You can go to jail for doing wrong.
You can go to jail for doing right.
You can go to jail for doing nothing.
You have never been told this before
so now you know.




                                       92

There is something in the cosmos
called Fellowship. Reach for it.
Ifyou want a better way/weigh
It is quite more sensible
and more profitable to pay
in advance to join the cosmos fellowship,
Some people call it "dues".
Ifyou pay dues for something worth
infinite value you will get
what is due you on an
infinite eternal plane ofbeing
compensation: so valuable there is no
place to measure its worth.
Thus I have spoken
and thus it is hereforth
written in the stars.




                                     93

Challenge

It is another age, another challenge
A greater one than ever faced before
In all of Nature there are changes everywhere
Subtle but insistent
With immeasurable potentials for good or bad
It is all according to, or the interpretation thereof
Whichever ever they choose
Or which any way they determine to go
They will have to change
The people will have to change
Nature is changing everywhere
It is another age ... another cycle-day
There is no place to hide
This eon:Cosmo-void
Cannot/will not be denied
It is ultra-true
There is no place to hide
Therefore, the people will have to change
The people will have to change
The people will have to change their tune
And that tuning should be in tune with the Inless outer universe
The endless immeasurable not
And this is the dual meaning of the phonetic notnote!
A differentiation note, phonetic multi-meaning sound. Note:
A tiny message wrote, a view ... an idea plane of fame
A note is symboled music name of tone
A permutation change, so plain to see
That not is note and note is not
It's based upon the circle. See?
         See?




                                          94

Chaos

When there is confusion
 Chaos reigns with base-dimensional song
   Where like some bird
     Drunk with ecstacy strives in silent fury
     To reach the ulterior negative zone deigned.
        Motive-programmed-computerized
           Idea destiny ..... chosen
              Hidden futility.
Confusion is lost in desire ... That is why.
Yes! That is why it cannot emulate
      The cosmo-bird of paradise ...
 To fly across around the crossroads
    Ofdifficult intrigue
        Whence dimensions meet
        And          their way ofcircular paths
                     Outwardly ....
         To ever seek thusly
           To fly beyond
       The magnetic force field gravity-pull
          Ofthe stake at the crossroads
          Where untoward dimensions meet
      In onceness calculated possessiveness.




                                        95

Circle Eternity

Faith can be a bridge
Between what is called reality
And what is thought to be myth
For myth is a word
And a world all its own.


Myth has attributes
Magic, impossible
Faith all sympathetic
To the word myth.


Ifyou are not a myth
Whose reality are you?
And ifyou are not reality
Whose myth are you?


The pupose of life
Decree: -- death ...
The purpose of death
Decree: -- life
The pupose of life
Decree: -- death
The purpose ofdeath
Decree: -- life
Death -- life
Life -- death
Purpose -- aid -- end
End of life       death
End ofdeath          life
Circle eternity
At one ment atonement
Destiny equation
Eternity
Revelation.




                                 96

Limited eternity
Purpose . . .. aim .... end
Purpose aim .... end
Man!
Citadel of etrenity*
Planes of inverted comprehension


man! man! man! man! man!
Destiny fate
Circle of etrenity
Eternity circle
Eternity era of error
man! man! man! man! Man!
What is this seeming life
That always seems to end in that seeming death?
What is that seeming death
That always seems to end in
That seeming life
For it is ever that: the eight
The Eden.
The paradise where life begin
And death death.
The state of life
The state of death
Atonement            .
Onement
One .....
Circle.




..
       ............~C#즮
                       .-               .-
* Might be a mistake, but since it is repeated below, it may be a play on the French
"etre" (to be).



                                         97

Eternity .....
One
o ... Perfection endedness
Endedness Endedness
In deadness
Endedness
One.
Man has become as one
Man has become as one of us
You can not stay in the garden
You can not stay in the garden
You can not stay in the garden
OfParadise, it is a garden for neophytes
Arise man out ofyour oneness
The name of one is forbidden
To you
Taboo      Taboo ...
Sacred     Forbidden ...
Arise man
Oneness is of confusion!
They sought to be as one
At the Tower of Babel
Beware man!
Taboo      Taboo     .
Taboo      Taboo     .
Forbidden
Man
Beware
The sacred name ofone
Do not seek to
Usurp the name ofthe sacred one
The sacred one




                                      98

The sacred one
The sacred one
Beware man


* Let the centuries be your enlightment
Read your histories
Your history ofoneness
Your history ofonce upon a time
Once upon a time
But before once was nothing
And after once is twice
Never before the once
And twice the presence of never
The pleasant nothing of never
For nothing
Nothing is
And nothing from nothing leaves
Nothing
And one from one leaves
Nothing
And two from two leaves nothing
And three from three leaves nothing
And everything from everything leaves nothing
And nothing from nothing inverted leaves
Everything
So if one sends one
There is nothing
For one from one
Leaves nothing
There is nothing in the never land
OfNever.




*The  text from this point on was republished under the title "Once Upon A Time" in
1980.



                                         99

Circle Of Comprehension

The verdict is the judgement:
......... The weigh                  .
         The verdict        the decision ...
The decision is the elected standard
Ofwhat is called correct . . . . . .      .
The approved truth or principle: the so-ed ....
That which is soed is word-play sowed
           Sword                .
Because of the devious route and root
            Ofwords,
       Parables are needed to demonstrate
 The obscure points of fact.
     Every fact is a circle of comprehension.




                                       100

Colors And Notes

Colors are different
As every different thing is different
Ifthe Lord makes a difference in one thing from another
He has set the pattern for other things to be different from the other
He has set the pattern for an other thing to be different from a one.
There is the presence ofduality
In all it's infinite and splendid reach
It's reach potential is everywhere.


Colors are different as every different thing is different
The vibratory pattern ...
The vibratory pattern tones are different sounds ...
A color tone, a color shade ...
Timbre.
And timbre's crest in heraldry
And timbre's timbre: quality.


Color's difference identify ...
Show your colors!
Fly your flag!
Heraldry and coat of arms
Show your colors!
Fly your flag!
Yes.
Colors do identify.


You see no color?
Your world is colorless
You're color-blind!
You've failed the test.


I would not even mention this
But nature's nature is the same
No matter what you do or what you say,
The laws of nature have not changed
And nature's colors, colors are
        For every color codes it's name
Though colors bend and colors blend
        The laws of nature have not changed ...

                                       101

Concerning That Which Is Called Life And Death

Ifthe death ofdeath is life
(for how can death die unless it becomes alive?)
And ifdeath becomes alive
Is it not active on another plane?
The life ofdeath .....
Is it not the inversion of the death of death?
Or is the death of death, the life of life
It is varied mathematics in permutation forms.




                                         102

Confrontations (1972)

Confrontations?
What are they to me
Man always loses
Can't he see?
Confrontations against the representative who is a friend
Is himself at odds with himself


Man always loses
Doesn't he know?
Who always wins in the end?
It is the nameless totality,
The constant imperfection of immeasurable On.




Confrontations (1980)

Confrontations
        What are they to me           .
              Man always loses          Can't he see?
                  It takes more than a man
                    To win against the ironclad
                        Star enfated
                           Chained to futility destiny.


Confrontations of man against his friend
          Is man at odds with his vibration-tuned
             Harmonious and kindly self.
                    Man always loses           .
                         Doesn't he know,
                            Who always wins in the end?
                                 It is the nameless totality
                                   The immeasureable
                                        Ever-changing
                                           Omni-On.




                                         103

The Confusion Of Words

'Twas at Babylon they say       .
Ah, dread and drastic day               .
That God did something hitherto unheard
He confused the meaning of the word
He made the meanings thrice and double-twin
And helter-skelter-mayhem ruled since then.
Though you may roam yon here and there
You'll find confusion every where.
This is not to say
There'll never be a better day . . . . ..
Watch what you write, watch what you say!
    Some words lead to gloried shame
    Making innocence to blame               .
        Secret-sacred hidden lore
        Oftimes lead to deadly woe.
        Word substitute .. word permutate
        Subtle tools of enwrit fate.
Tree of knowledge ... Paradise
Led to needless sacrifice.




                                         104

Conviction

Man of woe
In yesterdays once condemned ... convicted
Convicted by convictions
Hence associates bone ofcontention
Borne ofconviction .... impression . . . conception
Convicted by conception ..... judged by an idea.
Judged ..... convicted
Conviction
Convict of convicted convictions
Convict ofconvictions convicted
Conviction          Idea image
Image ... impression      concept .... thought
Reflection      thought     thoughth . . . Thoth
Thoughth      Thoth ... image ... impression
Conviction       conception
Idea ... conception ... untouched idea
Immaculate conception      immaculate conviction.
Immaculate       clean       pure      sincere       .
Pure ... wholely .... All     whole       all    omni .




                                    105

The Cosmic Age (1968)

This is the Space Age
The age beyond the earth age:
A new direction
Beyond the gravitation of the past.
This is the space age.
This is the disguised twin of tomorrow
Striking upon the earth
With relentless power
Like a perpetual whip.
This is the Space Age --
Prepare for the journey!
You have a rendezvous
With the living wisdom
ofthe unadulterated fate.
Prepare for the journey!
Like a happy child
You will step out of the pages
ofthe blinding-blend ofthe book,
And gaze astounded at
The Endless space of the Cosmic Void.
Your new course is the Cosmic Way --
Your new vehicle is the Cosmic plane;
You will learn to live the Cosmic Way,
You will learn to journey with courage --
With the fiery aim to reach
The even greater day
ofthe even greater tomorrow
The greater tomorrow of the Cosmic Age.
The second main is the master key
From the heaven ofOuter-Space.
The second main
Is the second principal
The principle:
Cosmic-Timelessness of the Cosmic Age.




                                     106

The Cosmic Age (1980)*

 This is the Space Age
The age beyond the earth age:
A different direction beyond the gravitations of the past.
This is the Space Age:
The disguised twin of tomorrow
Striking upon the earth with relentless power
Like a perpetual whip.
     This is the Space age-----
           Prepare for the journey!
               You have a rendezvous
                  With the Living Wisdom
                    Ofthe unadulterated fate.
               Prepare for the journey!
                 Like a happy child
                  You will step out of the pages
                     Ofthe blinding blend ofthe Book,
                        And gaze astounded
                       At the endless space of the Cosmo-Void.
                     Your new course is the Cosmic Way ----
                  Your new vehicle is the Cosmic plane;
                 You are to reach/approach the Omni-Cosmo Way
                You will learn to journey with courage          .
              With fiery aim to find
                The even greater day of the even greater tomorrow ...
                  The Cosmo-timeless realm
                    Ofthe Omni-Everlution-Immortalic Day.




..    .........'-~Cpcz   ..              .-
* For a third version of "The Cosmic Age", also from 1980, see "Prepare for the
Journey".



                                          107

The Cosmic Beist

The sound mind is the vibrating consequences of
               the rhythm
The rhythm is the sound
And the vibration is the rhythm.
The sound mind is the co-ordinate mind
The vibrate principle of the ultimate be
To be is the word of the isness
To be is the world of the create
To create is to be
Because to be is to cause to be
And to cause to be is to create.
The vibration is the movement of the sound
And the sound is the vibration of the movement
And the movement is the vibration of the sound
The movement is the cause
And the cause is the reason
And the reason is the Y
Why?
The Y is the B
Thus speaks the Cosmic Beist.




                                      108

The Cosmic-Bypass

Out of every nation
They shall rise ....
With the invitation of the sun
To journey through the Outer Darkness
        To the Outer Heavens
             Ofthe Intergalactic dawn . . . .




                                    109

Cosmic Equation

Then another tomorrow
They never told me of
Came with the abruptness of a fiery dawn
And spoke of Cosmic Equations:
        The equations of sight-similarity
        The equations of sound-similarity
Subtle Living Equations
Clear only to those
Who wish to be attuned
To the vibrations of the Outer Cosmic Worlds.
Subtle living equations
ofthe outer-realms
Dear only to those
Who fervently wish the greater life




                                     110

The Cosmic Myth (1972)

A new name is always a great adventure
A cosmic name is a cosmic word
And the cosmic word is the cosmic myth
Beyond what has been called
'Life' and what has been called 'death'.




The Cosmic-Myth (1980)

A new name is always a great adventure     .
It is vibration's pioneer                   .
A cosmic name is the cosmic word
And the Cosmic Word Is The Cosmic-Myth
It is the revelation
Beyond life-death and death-life.




                                     III

Cosmic Potential

By placing Cosmic-potential in the hands of
Man,
The great experiment is magnified. The key to
The power of the cosmic-potential is the air.
The question is: Can man conquer
The self-destructive traits & habits of
Traditive-mind & his tradictived world.
Yes, it is time for man to either destroy
Himself and become what is termed "a new
Creation" or through profitable non-vain
Thought become a superior-creation far greater
Than any concept ever authorised by the
State of man.
Man is a state of mind. Man is what he
Accepts to be the idea of man or the ideal
Ofman. Man is the philosophy ofman and
The summation of or weigh of what he says
He accepts as God.


This thought is Cosmic: To understand is
To reach for ever greater superior truths.


People who give themselves completely to
Self-destructive forces & refuse to give
Themselves completely to self-constructive
Forces are hypocrites, untrue to their
Better self.




                                        112

Cosmic Query

Why should a god visit earth
Ifto be only a slave to man
Why should a man be a slave to a man
Ifonly to be a slave to man
Or a man to God
Or a god to man?
Ifonly to be within a state
Unnatural to his natural self
Or alter-self




                                   113



The Cosmo Man

Get on the Cosmo-train
Run while you can
Get on the Cosmo train
Run while you can
The Cosmo-train is a word-express
Get on the Cosmo train.


The night is night and day is day
And black is blackness every way ....
Get on the Cosmo-train
It's darker than the night
Eyes that see always the light
Is not accustomed to the night
For night is night and day is day
And light is light
But rays of light are sometimes dark,
And lights ofdark are sometimes black.
The schedule speaks to Cosmo Man
Get On the Cosmo train
Run while you can.




                                     116

Cosmos Evolution (1971)

When men are brothers
They are brothers because they know they are.
They walk the initiate bridge/degree,
Friends of pointlessness       .
Intuition companionship.
Sincere understandingness .... of/on angelic planes ofbeing.
That is why I have said they are not my brothers if they are not
brothers.




Cosmos Evolution (1972)

When men are brothers
They are brothers because they
know they are.
They walk the initiate bridge
degree. of pointlessness       .


Friends of pointless       .
Intuition companionship.
Sincere understandingness         .
of/on angelic planes ofbeing.
That is why I have said they are
not my brothers if they are not
brothers.




                                     117

Cosmos Evolution (1978)

When men are brothers
They are brothers because they know they are.
They walk the initiate bridge/degree,
Friends of pointlessness       .
Intuition companionship.
Sincere understanding friends of/on angelic planes ofbeing.
That is why I have said they are not my brothers if they are not brothers.




Cosmos Evolution (1980)

When men are brothers
They are brothers because they know they are           .
They walk the initiate bridge-degree
Ofpointlessness.
They rise up above because and why
They are brother-friends
Sincere understandingness ....
Intuition of/on angelic planes of being.
That is why I have said:
They are not my brothers
Ifthey are not my brothers.




                                      118

The Crate Create (1972)

A man may be down and out
When his time is up
A man can be placed down in the ground and covered up
Up toward the stars is signaled by the count down          count
It is written: the world is upside down                 .
Disciples staged the orientate
They were initiates
They saw the time up
On the symbol of the earth
They saw the notice nailed upon a tree
Official curse and dammit tree
Thus the curse spread through the land
The land is light: the light is land
Upside down, they turned the light ... a winged thing lights whenever it lands
The people could not comprehend
They did not know, what they did.
There was the time, in form of man
It was the end, beginning too         .
In secret Cosmo-riddle snare
The ginning snare
Be-ginning is . . .
Beware! .... Be aware of the hidden snare .. the gin for ginning
The beginning in .. - . The gin for be ginning the beginning end ...
The gin for ginning . . . .. the beginning inned ... The gin for ginning ... the
Beginning in the beginning in the beginning in the crated
Case closed of the box
The book is barks with leaves like trees
Don't let them get you with the box
Create and crate and crate create
The snare of words did man enfate.




                                       119

The Crate Create (1980)

A man may be down and out when his time is up . . . . . .  .
A man can be placed down in the ground and covered up     .
Up toward the stars is signaled by the countdown.
It is written: The world is upside down ....
Disciples staged the orientate
They were initiates
They saw the time up on the cross
Symbolic symbol on and of the earth.
They saw the notice nailed upon a tree ... symbolic he ...
Official curse and damn-it tree;
Thus the curse spread through/ on! in the land.
The land is light : The light is land ...
Upside down they turned the light,
A winged thing lights whenever it lands.
The people could not comprehend
They did not know what they did.
There was the time
In form of man
It was the promised beginning of the end
In secret cosmo-riddle snare
The gin .. the ginning snare
Beginning ..
Be-gin-ning
The gin for ginning
Be on your guard!
Be aware of the hidden snare ... the gin for ginning
The ginninglbeginning gin.
Behold this mystery-iniquity
The word was executed by law called sin
Execute not only means to kill
It means to cause to be: to activate
A word of strange duplicity.




                                        120

It is written in an ancient so-called fable
The troubles were hidden in a forbidden box
Pandora's nemesis
The keys of secret code can solve the case
Like crate create and create crate
The box is crate .... The sealed case .. closed box
Case closed of the box
The book is barks with leaves like trees      .
Don't let them get you with the box
Create and crate and crate create
The snare of words did man enfate.




                                        121

The Curse-Blueprint

Drawn to scale of the curse
The uplifted curse
The lifted curse
Thus when the curse was lifted
The people were delivered
Their freedom is
They delivered or born
Even as the curse was lifted or borne
The curse's promise and prophesy
"IfI be lifted up from the earth
I will draw all men unto me."
So, even as the curse was lifted up from the earth
Yet upon the cross it was born.
And there it lay resting upon its berth-place
As it were borne
And hence born because of its berth ...
And because it was born
It was delivered
To those who were destined
To be drawn to the scale of the curse
And this measurement or judgement
Came to be a decree
A law ..... a blueprint .... a scale
A weigh of life
It did not have to be but it was
And because it was
Those who have no way of further is
Live by the decree that came to be was.
And so their life is always so
When it can be certified as "was."




                                       122

The Curtain Call (1972)

Take your curtain call and bow
Don't linger
No matter the applause
The acclaim
Oh well, ifyou must
Bow again and again
Let them see you while you do ...
Bow gracefully while you may.
The play is done
What need overmuch to bow
And bask in wild acclaim
You'll find yourself erelong
Bowing to a house ofdeparted guests.


Take your curtain call and bow
Then leave
The scenery must be cleared
For another day
Another kind ofCosmo-play
A play on words
Of heiroglyphic chant
A play on words of Immortalic reach
It is a play of peoples and a different horizon's world-sun
Therefore prepare, for you are the star
It is the interpretation that the people need
There is music
In the darkness background
The People are the instrument that must besound to be sound;
It is the arrangement-interpretation that they need       .
The people are the Instrument.




                                         123

The Curtain Call (1980)

Take your curtain call and bow ..... don't linger;
No matter the applause---the acclaim.
Oh well       ifyou must                           .
Bow again and again;
Let them see you while you do            .
Bow gracefully while you may.
The play is done
What need overmuch to bow
And bask in wild acclaim
You'll find yourself bowing .... blinded by the light,
To a house ofdeparted guests.


Take your curtain call and bow
Then~ave                       .
The scenery must be cleared
For another day
Another kind ofcosmo-play
A play on words
Of heiroglyphic chant        .     .
A play on words of immortalic reach                 .
It is a play of
And a different world-horizon's-sun
Therefore prepare;
For you are the star
It is the interpretation that the people need.
There is music in the darkness background              .
The people are the instrument that must
To be sound;
It is the arrangement interpretation that they need ...
The people are the instrument.




                                         124

The Damning

The damning of the spirit
Is the reservoir of salvation       .
Thus to save is to damn         dam
Like water in a damned condition
Is water reserved ....
Hence comes power from the damned
Yes, from hence comes power from the damned
Behold! See the mystery of the curse-oath
Oath-curse-binding promise-damn dam            .
It is written: "The first shall be last"   .
Celestial interpretation code revealed:
"The first shall belast"             .
Bemuse this fact and bethink
Upon its namification.
If it is to see to know         .
The Cosmos Omni told me so.




                                        125

Darkness Light

Behold my house of light
Is said to be a house of darkness
Because it is invisible. Yea,
Since they deem light to be defined as insignificant
The very scheme ofwhat is not
And darkness is not of the light
They are both not
In perspective to what they are,
Where they are
And when and how.




                                     126

The Delusion Freedom

         It is not right
            For those to speak to me
               Who speak of love,
      Ifthey have never felt
                  The meaning of Love.
It is not right          it is oh so wrong!
So very inexpressibly wrong! !!
For those to speak to me
Who speak of freedom
Whose freedom is liberty-will of wisp
What good is freedom's liberty
  If sword and famine and pestilence
        Is it's creed            It is according to
  That which is written
    As proclaimed word of God
        To those to whom it was given:
  An unfailing promised heritage.


  Love and freedom,
  What words are they!
      God is love they say ...
  The events of the world
      Are the fruits thereof today ...
  Is this life all that life should be?
  Is that why the tree of life
      Is denied to those who by disobedience died
  Who deadened by the forbidden knowledge
  Would be twice alive ....
  Freedom is a hidden code-delusion-key.




                                           127

The Desperate Soul

All that surrounds is black
Vision impossible
Sound roams like beast
Into mountains and trees
Into oceans and the sky
In search of pasture


Mythic paintings surround the living
Agony, jealousy and betrayal
Reign in the wilderness
To the death
Solitude, sorrow and
   uncertainly throbs
      the heart


Love never lives
For a day
To nurture the wounds
Which the dark bird chant for
The dirge of the sequestered soul




                                    128

Detour (1972)

This is a precision span
The journey is discipline plane!
Beware!
Rights
Rites
Right rite
Rite right
Beware!
Words
Snares: Entrapment
Snare: nets: dragnet
Words: Words! Beware
Warning!
You must run
Step by step
Side by side
Detour
Sans the perfected risk.




                                  129

Detour (1980)

This is a precision span
The journey is discipline plane
Beware!
Rights
Rites
Right rites
Rite rights
Beware!
The snare of entrapping words . . . .
Snares . . . net . . . dragnet      .
Words: "Here a word ... there a word"
Words of danger ... words . . . words from the source book
Beware              The here and there in The Word . . . . . . . ..
Warning!
You must run
Step by step
Side by side
Survive with the others together
Step by step .... side by side
Detour
Sans the perfected risk.




                                        130

Did We Not Know? (1972)

Did we not know?
Did we not know:
That all things that were spoken, were so
And all of the things that were written, were so
All the things were thought were so
Now every so is equal so
So plus so plus so is so.
They say one reaps what one has soed
For so plus so plus so is sow
So they must reap what they have sowed
And they must reap what they have SO-ed.
Cause what they sowed they soed indeed ...
Since sow plus sow plus sow in deed is SO!




Did We Not Know? (1980)

Did we not know?
   Did we not know?:
      That all things that were spoken . . . were so;
  And that all things that were written were so        .
       Even all the things that were thought were so.
          Now every so is equal so
              For so plus so plus so is so
          They say one reaps what one has soed . . . ...
                 Take heed:
                      The sound of so is sow
                           Like sow is so ..
      So they must reap what they have sowed
          While they must reap what they have so-ed.
              Because what they soed,
                They soed in deed
                   Indeed each deed they did
                       An act was sowed.




                                       131

The Differences (1970)

Sometimes in the amazing ignorance
I hear things and see things
I never knew I saw and heard before
Sometimes in the ignorance
I feel the meaning
Invincible, invisible wisdom,
And I commune with intuitive instinct
With the force that made life be
And since it made life be
It is greater than life
And since it let extinction be
It is greater than extinction


I commune with feeling more than
                prayer
For there is nothing else to ask for
That companionship is
And it is superior to any other is


Sometimes in my amazing ignorance
Others see me only as they care to see
I am to them as they think
According to standards I should not be
And that is the difference between I and them
Because I see them as they are to is
And not the seeming ignorance of the was




                                      132

the differences (1980)

sometimes in the amazing ignorance
i hear things and see things
i never knew i saw and heard before
sometimes in the ignorance
i feel the meaning
invincible invisible wisdom,
and i commune with intuitive instinct
with the force that made life be
and since it made life be
it is greater than life
and since it let extinction be
it is greater than extinction.
i commune with feelings more than
prayer
for there is nothing else to ask for
that companionship is
and it is superior to any other is.
sometimes in my amazing ignorance
others see me only as they care to see
i am to them as they think
according the standard i should not be
and that is the difference between i and them
because I see them as they are to is
and not the seeming isness ofthe was.




                                      133

Different

In different families arrive
Are some misplaced?
Ifthey think so ...
But is is wide and vast: the how and why and when and what could be!
Their privilege is yet to reach
To reach beyond their comprehended
Misbegotten place.
The proof is what they are in comparison to what others are around and
    Outside environmental touch
Comparative consideration ...
     To what others are around
           Who around them surrounds them.
PROPHETIC DIFFERENTIALS INTERPRET WHAT IS TO BE
Like water they will/shall equalize
Themselves to their level
This is the natural thing for them to do
And do they will, they have to
You see.




                                       134

Differentiation

Where am I now?
I am where I am before
An alter-fate of differentiated ways
From differential weighs
An alter-fate ofdifferential weighs
From differentialted ways
Where am I now?
In the midst of uncharted field
I feel the fill-potential own
On the on-way ... onward
On word
Where am I now?
No one knows
Not even I,
Yet I am here
If there is a friend to hear
My voice
I speak as the on* voice
Own-rhythm; own harmony
own melody
own-ness
Plane-potential infinity - Is.




*Might be a mistake. It may read own.

                                     135

Dimension Spheres and Spirals

Yesterdays yesterday
and
tomorrow
are
different
When they exist in [their own spheres]*
but when every tomorrow is the
same as every yesterday . . .
Then, that every tomorrow is not
the real tomorrow
Because it is only a copy of
All the yesterdays gone by ...




                      .-                  .
      ..........."~_$쥵E                   -
*After the original 1972 publication ofthis poem, every subsequent version is missing
the words in brackets. Also the lines are layed out differently in the later versions, but
are otherwise identical.


                                          136

Discernment

When we speak, we speak profoundly
And break the mirror
Ofthe glass through which the shadows
Were discerned
And taken to be models
From which to pattern
And to become alike to,
Alike to shadows in a mirror
What justice is this?
Indeed what justice is this?
When humble content
Is taken to mean cowardice
When humble content
Is taken as a signal to break and abuse the spirit.
And what spirit is this?
A division should be made
Concerning that which is spirit.
It is not right to force different spirits to be one
When one is distortion
And the other is clarification
Is this justice, just is,
The status quo, the maintained principle
Ofthe dead past
Or is this justice, just is only.




                                          137

Disguise

1can feel who 1am
1do not disguise myself to me;
...... Why should I?
1have known me longer than anyone else
  1shall continue to know me
   More than anyone else;
We have been together so long .. myself and 1
1should always say we instead of 1...
We instead of me.
Because we can feel that we are we.
Others guess and think they know
But they do not feel the essence-ultra
Us of we.


We do not know we know
We only feel that this is so       .
Our intuition is the alter-being:
The entity vital-seeing: Our intuition is
The vital-seeing ... The entity alter-being
1can be me for them .. only as they see me ...
And not as they think they feel;
For they seem to feel another way of thought:
That's not my way.
Although we are me
The is of us is 1...
We are more than three:
There's us and me ... we and 1
Weare more than three
There's I and we
  Us and me.




                                       138

The Disguised Aim

To rise above all the cultures of the land
Is to appreciate all;
Yet be apart and a part.
Above the scenes of many lands
The ills of man are seen
To be the disguised aim
ofwhat is called the final truth.
According to the conception
Is the baring scheme: the reality of the birth of a fact;
Because the according to
Is the keyword ofactual instruction
And the scenario of vast endeavour.
According to the conception ---
According to the conception:
A new immaculate truth
Is given birth by the version.
That which all mortals agree or
Are subject to is their Master and Lord.
All mortals are subject to death (the Ruler of a monarchy
that covers the earth) .
They bow in agreement to its will.
All mortals bow to death.
It is death in the role of the truth
That captivates them.
Speak ofthe endless end
That they might think of the eternal purpose
And come to know the double value of words.
Death is a word, an oath
A promised thing:
When "it is fulfilled,"
It is the word, the oath
The promised truth . . . .
The proven certified fact.
Consider the root of the word ...
Close to the meaning of things is the root word.
The root stems from the seed.
The seed ofdeath implants
Itself in the mind of people.


                                        139

People are ofone mind
Is their life-giving principle ...
People are ofone mind
Because they are of one common end or
Common aim.
Their goal is their destiny
And their destiny great or small
Is always the same;
To ever bow to death, their Master and Lord.
Death is their God.
It is a guard between its subject
And other kind ofworld,
Which is so different
It seems to be only a myth.




                                     140

The Double Knowledge

After a being becomes versed
In the
Wisdom of the double-knowledge
    The being is double to that which is
According to the Living Aim
And intent to be
From the standpoint
Ofthe Ultra-Cosmo-standards
Ofthe greater kingdom
Which is the greater realm:
The Myth
And Chromatic-Mysteries.




                                     141

The Dual Change *

Things change ...
There is always change in the air           .
But the change is different now
 From any ever felt before             .
 The music is listening and waiting
  While sounding sounds of terrible silence ..
       Didn't you hear the silence lately?
 Music is silence too            .
 They cannot stop the silence;
   They cannot compel the silence to cease .....
 They do not know yet
 How loud the silence can become!
   There is always change in the air ...
     But there is a different spirit in the wind ..
       A bold and daring soul from somewhere there:
           Somewhere out and yon!
   It is even beyond the time .....
   Time is:
   ....... Never-no-more                  .
   Everything is space                          .
   . . . . . .. It is the space of the dual change.
   The street is no longer a street                .
     It is the highway of the world.
                  There is change in the air!
     Do you not hear the heavy silence there?
  It is the double space of dual change            .
  The spirit wind is in the air:
  It hovers above the street no longer there ..
    The street: A highway widened fare              .
  The emergency decreed it thus .....
    All at once, it was seen:




* Part ofthis poem recited by members ofthe Arkestra on the "Somewhere Else" CD
(Zensor 136) track "Everything in Space", on the Kohoutek CD (ESP 3033-2) track 9,
and by Sun Ra on the Saturn LP "The Antique Blacks".


                                          142

       The road ... the people .....
The wrong direction there . . .
    It is the right road ....
They are going the wrong direction there!
Some of the must tum and go the other way:
The arrow points to pointlessness .. pointlessness.
                 A two-way street affair      .
             An alter never-[no-]* more-again           .
  The people and the leaders walk hand in hand         .
  They were on the right road all the time ...
  But now there is no time            .
     That is why they have to tum
             And walk the opposite-alter-way.
                  They must go
                To the place of space
        For the celebration of the dual change.




      ..........'-~w=-
                 &. -                    .-

*The word in brackets is the only word appearing inthe 1972 version but not the 1980
version. The layout is taken from the 1980 version.


                                         143

The Earth Oath-Way

According to secret standards,
The earth-oath plane is the standard
Ofthe earth - way ....
That is:
The earth-plane is coordinated
Or synchronized to or with the adopted/adapted
Oath-word guide              .
And the word-guide is summated commandments
And derivatives thereof
Ofthe authorized law-supreme
Which people are taught is the way out
But the earth-way is the way of all the earth
Therefore the earth-oath-way is the way in
And that way in is the weigh in or the weighing;
Because "in"
Is of the earth, but out is of outer-space.
Earth is it's own law
And outer Space is it's own law             .
The law and laws of Outer Space ise/are
Greater than Earth and it's code/way.
The Outer Space code/law is greater than
The Earth-law ..... dimension/plane.




                                        144

The Empty Space (1972) *

The airy heaven is the empty space
The division of heaven is inner and outer
The limited heaven is the inner
The outer heaven is endless heavens realm .....


The third heaven of the heavens is called earth
It is heaven # three
The earth is as the beginning
It is the foundation of itself
It is an  0

Or a 0
Which is the alpha omega of the material plane
Yet every planet is an 0
But earth is ao #3
Or the third 0 from the sun.


The inner air from another plane
Is like the counterpoint to a central theme
The enclosed vibration limitation
Repeats itselfover and over .. it is a cycle .. an eternity never changing
The outerspirals move brilliantly with word-precision, yet varying
Ever outward and ever onward on.




       .........'-~Wwzea
                      ..                .-
*For   a 1980 version ofthis poem, see "The Heaven # Three".


                                        145

Enactment

After all is said and done
It is a deed did
And the act is executed
The absolute right
The dead right.
After all is said and done
What more is there to say or do
For that which is executed is
             made to be
An act which came to pass
As every law is passed
In order that it is.




                                 146

The Endless Realm (1972)

I have nothing
Nothing!
How really is I am ....
Nothing is mine.
How treasured rich am I
I have the treasure of nothing ....
Vast endless nothing
That branches out into realm beyond realm.
This and these are mine
Together they are nothing.


The idea of nothing
The notion of nations
Nation .... notion


I have the treasure of nothing
All of it is mine.
He who would build a magic world
Must seek my exchange bar
In order to partake of my endless
Treasure from my endless realm of nothing.




                                    147

The Endless Realm (1980)

I have nothing
Nothing!
Nothing is mine.
  How treasured rich am I
  I have the treasure of nothing . . . . . . ..
  Vast endless nothing
  That branches out realm beyond realm            .
  This and these are mine;
  Together they are nothing.


  I have the treasure of nothing,
  All of it is mine.
  He who would build a magic world
  Must seek my exchange bar
  In order to partake of my endless treasure
  From my endless realm of nothing.




                                          148

The Endless Universe (1972)

This universe is endless
And everything in it is endless
How can it be an endless universe, if everything is not endless
That is a part of it?
Every beginning is an end
Look back and see, it's in the past
Every beginning is the end of some endlessness


But the past is an eternity all it's own
It is not a part of the endless Universe
Because the past had an end, it is a realm of the ended ...


Look backward at the past
And you will see all the beginnings are there.
Ifyou have an end in view, what's your aim/desire?
Be careful!
Do not make the end you seek
The end.


There are different kinds of ends
Like bookends are
And bookends are
But Book ends end.
What does the law of bookings say?
That is the answer of the way ...
When they are booked, they're in the book.


What does the Good BOOK say?
The planet earth is booked
Within the BOOK
The GUIDE BOOK leads the world,
"I will be their guide," it says ..
Whence does earth go?
And whether man?
"I will be their guide even unto        _


Let's say It said, the end, instead.
For what are words but words to use
Let's take words and return,

                                        149

The Bad Guide Book Good says that too.
A simple thing, it's simple true
TAKE WORDS AND RETURN                  .
There's no way other left for you.
"TAKE WORDS AND RETURN"                 .




                                   150

The Endless Universe (1980)

This Omniverse is endless
And everything in it is endless: :
  For how can it be an endless Omniverse,
     Ifeverything in it is not endless?
       That is a part of it?
The Omniverse is oftimeless being
  It is immeasureable from every point of view.
     The word beginning is associated with the word time
       It must be thought of abstractly as if it is
        Outside of the Omniverse
          In this way we can say
            That every beginning is an end
              On this plane of supernatural folly
                 This strange eternity of hidden meanings
                   Ofthe truth.
Every beginning is an end ... Look back and see,
It's in the past ... Every beginning is the end
 Ofsome endlessness .... But the past is an eternity
   All it's own ... It is not a part of the endless
                      The endless Universe-Omni.
     Since the past had an end: it is a realm of the ended.
     Look backward at the past and you will see
          That all the beginnings are there.
            Ifyou have an end in view,
               What's your aim/desire?
        Be careful!         Do not seek the end within
            The eternity of the yesterdays past            .




                                        151

[Energies] (1969)

And Sun Ra Says:


"The cosmic roles
Are written on sundry parchments
Tinted with fire
Blue vibrations of pulsating flame
Energies ... G-force dimensions
Abstract planes of sound and sight."




Energies (1972)

The cosmic roles
written on sundry parchments
Tinted with fire
Blue vibrations of pulsating flame
Energies ... force dimensions
Abstract planes of sight and sound.




                                    152

Energies (1980)

The cosmic roles
Are written on sundry parchments
Tinted with fire-blue vibrations of flame
Force-field energies.
Abstract planes of sight and sound.




                                       153

Enticement (1957)*

Imagination is a magic carpet
Upon which we may soar
To distant lands and climes;
And even go beyond the moon to any planet in the sky.
If we are here, why can't we be there?
Imagination is a living moving thought
Which seeks to be and do,
Forever pioneering like an eternal vehicle ofjoy.
I cordially entice you, I diligently tempt you:
Step upon my magic carpet of sound, .
And share my adventures
On the land of pleasure hi fi ..... !




      ........'-~     .-                -
                                   -~.
*For a later version ofthis poem, see "Imagination".

                                        154

The Enwrit (1972)

The upright on one dimension is the inright
Which is the inrit.
When to cover up is considered as to
Cover in.
To beright is at times to bewrite:
So that there is an equation
Which through phonetic mathematics
Makes right be write.
Through this summation or sum
The idea ofanother three R' s
Assumes form
Projecting the words right, write and rite.
Those who in ignorance seek rights
From the hand of man
Receive rites.
So that equal rights
Are equal rites
And equal writes.
Equal writes can be
Equal written words.
The right word can be considered
As the write word; the written word.
The negative abstract
Is the unright, the unwrit
And the unrite
That is because the certified
Surety is called the authorized upright
In service or in rite
Which is in use
Because in rite is in service
And in service is in use:
One ofus is one of in rite/straight.




                                      155

The Enwrit (1980)

The upright on one dimension is the inright
Which is the inrit . . . . . . . . . . . ..
When to cover up is considered as to cover in,
To beright is at times to bewrite:
So that there is an equation
Which through phonetic mathematics
Makes right be write.
Through this summation or sum
The idea ofanother three "R's
Assumes form
Projecting the words: right, write and rite.
Those who in ignorance seek rights
From the hand of man receive rites
So that equal rites are equal rights and equal writes ....
Equal writes can be equal written words .....
The right word can be considered as the write word:
The written word.




                                            156

The Equal And The Opposite

All men are equal on the evil plane
But all men are not equal on the opposite plane ..
                 Unless
 The opposite is considered as the image
             Ofthe evil plane ...
 In that case:
        This would be the live plane        .
    But the same actions
          Would be committed in reverse          .
                    And
The end ofone would be the end of the other
And the beginning ofone would be
         The beginning of the other .....
  Ofcourse this applies to the action,
    There is a different law concerning
         The appearance of things               .
    The unauthorized reality is celestial Being.
              The destinyer Unknown Eternal .....




                                     157

Equality:parallelism

Equality as mono
Equality as parallel
And parallel to move together
In the beautiful sameness of opposite direction - destiny.


I am not in opposition to the world
I am not a part of it
I may be parallel to it
But I am moving in the opposite direction
Are you and the earth the same?
Sameness is not the natural change
Naturalized by the natural being.


Be aware
Some choose to serve the supernatural
Rather than the natural
Be it so because they were so grafted into the natural
A part and yet apart
The supernatural is
A supernatural which is not
Basically of the natural natural.




                                      158

Essence Energy

Eldemess is not eldemess
And youth is not youth
Some vehicle is not the spirit-true
Natural
Some terpsichoreography disguise
Scene illusion dictate
Destined fates
Unaware of altemess.
But why should they listen if they are not meant to know?
     Ifthey cannot love
     More than flesh
Inexplicable presence
Warm, intuitive
Rare, vital
Essence energy?


See the mystery
Is still the mystery
But I can feel the splendor
I can see the everything
Meaning of the nothingness;
And so I am a brother
Cosmo to the brother illumined
By Nature's voice
An alter-being are they now
And hence Etemal are of Is
To Be.




                                      159

Every Thought Is Alive

Because every thought is a mental force
or mental-vibration
Therefore it is a living being.
Every living being is a living truth.
So that even a lie is a living of-ness
A lie being the expression ofa thought
Is a vibration
And vibration is a living being.
Ofthe mental force plane
Is the potential image projection
Ofwhich rays is cast the image
And its manifestation ofthe idea.
The idea is condensively speaking
But the word, for the root of
Every idea and the foundation
Ofevery idea is at first the word
From which the idea came
Every thing we are to be
Ifwe are not
Is logically speaking of the myth
The myth among other things
May be considered as "a tale that is told",
And the end of the tale is a tale that is
tolled and likewise
The end ofa tale is the goal.




                                        160

Everytime A Bird Goes By

Everytime a bird goes by
I, too, want to fly.
I have always been fascinated
By things ofthe sky                   .
Life here is some charm-spell-dream ...
The people rich and poor are prisoners all
         Chained by the limits of earth's boundaries     .
        Chained by the limits of earth's seven seas . .   .
                      Chained by the limits
                             Ofearth's ironies
 I take the risk to rebel
   Even if earth is heaven or maybe hell
     I am sure as either it would do quite well .....
       There was war in heaven             .
          No doubt it spread to earth
            Which resembles descriptions ofhell .....
What care I                 .
      I do defy
        The monotony earth's sameness constant strife
          The helpnesses of earth's futile death-life ....
  I do defy
        Don't dare ask me further why ....
            I do not speak of what I think
              I feel                     .
                 I feel                  .
                    This earth's whole scene is cruel
                        And crude                  .
                            Cut off from communication
                               With everything
                                  that is Cosmo-Real.




                                        161

Fabricate

Ifwe fail, we must win
Victory in defeat
Because the answer to the problem
Is the defeat of the problem
And this is the black revelation
Whence the blackness
The blackout,
The blackout is the reign of the blackness
And therefore the rain
Drop and blackdrop of darkness black
Backdrop
Whence the lifting up: The casting down
The casting down: The lifting up.
Motion?
We besecond the be, for we are two and others.
Code:
Ifwe fail, we win
And when we win we win.




                                      162

The Fantasy (1972)

I am not a fantasy in a real sense
I am a fantasy of differential-projection
Yet I exist ....
There are no shadows where I am
Because I am the fire ofthe lightnin
And the flames of the sun.
My name is the sun
I am the stranger
From the sky
Far away farther than the eye can see
Is my paradise
A mythical world
In Outer Space.




The Fantasy (1980)

I am not a fantasy in a real sense
I am the fantasy-image ofthe differential projection,
Yet I do exist
Twin in spirit-being ...
Yes,              I am here but I am also there
Some far offcelestial dimension there ....
Some omni-splendid myth--world's there.
Alien I?
But I am a spirituel-sun
Alien I?           Why?
  Stranger I ?              Why?
    How can I be an alien to you unless I feel that
       You are an alien to me?
Yes ... I am a spirit-stranger from the sky
Far away .... farther than the eye can see
Is my paradise
A mythical world
In Outer Space                                  .


                                       163

The Far OffPlace*

In some far off place
Many light years in Space
I'll wait for you
Where human feet have never trod
Where human eyes have never seen
I'll build a world ofabstract dreams
And wait for you.


In tomorrow's realm
We'lll take the helm ofnew ships
Then like the lash ofa whip
We'll start on our way
And safely journey to another world
Another world -- another world's world.




* See also "In Some Far Place" and "Tomorrow's Realm" for similar poems.

                                      164

"The Farther" (1972)

Get over into the spirit of things
Thus the movement is on.
The science ofontology
Is the science of the spirit
Because spirit is always of the "on"
Quality
Ever moving toward
The farther place or the
Place ofthe farther
Which sight is the "I"
Because the eye is the sight;
So that the sight of the Father
Is the scene or seeing of the Farther.




The Farther (1980)

    Get over into the spirit of things
    Thus the movement is on.
    The science of ontology is the science of the spirit
   Because spirit is always of The On
 Always moving toward the farther place:
                         The site of the farther
                    Whose sight is the "I"
                  Because the eye is the sight
                So that the scene or seeing of the farther
             Is the site and sight of the father          .




                                        165

The Farther Planes

A false truth and a true-myth
Are not necessarily equal.
Through the wisdom of experience
One learns what the two are
In proportionness.
We learn to be by non-advocation
And non-being beness
Not fated so
Weare not because we are
And as we are, we dwell on the
     farther planes




                                 166

The Feat OfFate

 Someone took the tender care
To win a victory by defeat
  And with victory
Made mystery the feat of the universe ....
  There never has been a feat
Like this defeat
 For this 'the feat'
Enfated a world
Into an enacted drama "passion play'
 Enraptured ecstasy of 'life' and 'death' . . . .
A tragi=comedy ... The feat came to be the fate
The feat became the fiat
And defeat conquered by the feat ....
The scenario tells the tale
Ofthe life and living ofpeople
And peoples ofthe planet called earth .....
Defeat is the feat to understand . . ...
For this if nothing else is true ....
Someone took the tender care
To win a victory by defeat.




                                        167

Figure

The similitude of an image
   The likeness ofan appearance
     The form of a shape
The figure is a form
The image is a figure
Imagine the speech as an expression
To express is to word
The figure of speech that touches the imagination
Is the similitude of the word
Because the word is the figure of speech
Which is the speech image
Ofthe thought which is the figure.




                                      168

The Fire and the Dry Weeds (1967)*

Cast the fire upon the dry weeds
Cast it upon the enclosed lamentables
They are ready now for the fire.
Cast it upon them without warning
That they may bum eternally with
The living fury of the spirit fire.
Cast the fire upon the dry weeds
There is no time to tell them why.
They must walk the bridge to the Cosmic-Age
They must walk the bridge . . .
The bridge of the Living words of Life.
Cast the fire upon the dry weeds
Cast it upon the enclosed lamentables,
This is the spirit hour of the fire.




*Recited  by Mobarak Mahmoud on "The Bridge", first released in 1968 as the A side
ofthe 7-inch single Saturn 3066. Transcription by jlw.


                                       169

The Fire And The Dry Weeds (1980)

Cast the fire upon the dry-weeds
Cast it upon the enclosed lamentables
..... They are ready now for the fire.
Cast it upon them without warning .... that they may
Burn eternally with the living fury of the spirit fire.
                Cast the fire
              Upon the dry weeds
            There is no time to tell them why.
         They must walk the bridge to the Cosmic-Age
               They must walk the bridge                .
        The bridge of the Living words of Omni-everness.
    Cast the fire upon the dry weeds
        Cast it upon the enclosed lamentables,
          This is the spirit hour of the fire.




                                        170

The Flesh (1972)

The word that was made flesh was made fresh
It is the new, the new test .. the new tester, the test-tester-testament
The testament new
VVords, words, words
Made fresh, made again
The recreate, the recreation ...
The word was made fresh
Thus is the cosmic reach
Dark meanings brought to light
See the mystery
Hear the sound duplicity
The double opposite parallel
Hear the sound duplicity
The double opposite parallel.



The Flesh (1980, version 1)

The word that was made flesh was made fresh
It is the new, the new test .. the new tester,
The testament new         reiteration of words
VVords ... words       a world of words
Reiterated ... proclamated, illusionated
Devious truths .. blessings of glorified doom
Thusly and verily and Behold! I say unto you ..
VVords .. scenarioed as a tale that is told      .
Ofthus it is written, "VVe live our lives"      .
The word-world of words          Made fresh ..
Made again ... the recreate       the recreation .....
The word was made fresh           .
Thus is the cosmic reach:
Dark meanings brought to light ....
See the mystery!!!
Hear the sound duplicity        .
The double opposite parallel        .
  Yes, hear the sound duplicity
  The double-opposite parallel             .




                                        171

The Flesh (1980, version 2)

Israel        Is Ra EI?            Ra Is EI         .
EI is Ra                                           .
Lis R                                              .
Flesh is fresh is new . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The word that was made flesh was made fresh
It is the new     new test .. new tester              .
New Testament       The testament new                 .
The Word ... words . . .. words made fresh            .
  Made again ..... The recreate ... the recreation
  The Word was made fresh . . . . . .
  Thus is the Cosmic reach . . . . . .                  .
  Dark meanings brought to light . . . . . . . . .       .
  See the mystery
  Hear the sound duplicity                               .
  The double opposite parallel                         .




                                                172

Flight*

What I thought I am
I am not
What was and is
Is not
What dreams were mine
I am not
What was and is
Is not
The laughter, the tears
The fleeting years
Like pages read and turned
Are not
Gone like a sigh
Or a bird swift
In sudden flight




      ........'-~    .-                -
                               .~.


* See also "I Thought I Am: Am Not" for a slightly revised version.

                                      173

The Foolish Foe

There were some things I never tried to do
And most ofthem were things I wanted to do
. . There were these opposing forces
    Why should they oppose me?
    Why? Why?
Now and then I thought, there is
No such enemy as I think they are.
But then, it is beyond thought .. it is beyond thought ...
I feel
These opposing forces whose power is their weakness
The power they grant to their servants/subjects
They exist, Indeed they do.
I feel and always have felt
It is, it always was true
Since this plane of existent I came to be, to know
They are are/were here!


I never resisted them,
They think I did
It was only pretense desires I projected to them
Were my non-resistence weapon/shield ofdefense.
I do not desire what they thought I desire
Neither now nor ever then
Non-resistence became my resistence
My resistence is my non-resistence. Do they challenge?
I resist the challenge
Foolish foe!
I have already won the victory
How? You will never know.
I have forgotten the how I did
I only know I know only
I only know ....




                                        174

It was never your game,
It is always mine
I resist the challenge
Foolish Foe
I always win the victory
You do not know the secret code
IfI win, I win and if I lose I win!
You did not know




            You do not know!




                                     175

Fragments Of The Alter-Future (1972)

Fragments of the vice-future I give to you
Put them together as you natural - know
Put them together as you natural do if you can
Fragments ofthe alter-isness I give to you
To have and hold accordingly until the vice-similarity of
The until the before there was.




Fragments Of The Alter-Future (1980)

Fragments of the vice-future I give to you      .
Put them together as you natural know
Put them together as you natural do.
Take heed!
Do not neglect your alter-self's alter destiny.
Fragments of the alter-isness I give to you
To have and hold accordingly               .
Until the Vice-Similarity
Ofthe until the before there was.




                                       176

Freedom From Freedom

Freedom from freedom
From the liberty
Ofthe land
Where destruction's light
Is the land.


Freedom from the decree of freedom
From the liberty
Ofthe land ofdestruction
Is the decree
That can truly save
Those whose freedom
Is a burden and a shame
What price freedom that despairs?
What glory freedom that destroys?




                                  177

Freedom Versus Black Freedom

What of planet freedom?
Ofblack freedom planet?
Or planet black freedom?
What of these blacks and black?
There is not only a negro problem
There is a world problem
A world within a circle
That tightens with every breath that earth breathes
A world problem
Because the problem is not in tune
    with the Spiral.




                                      178

The Friends OfSkill (1972)

We must not say no to ourselves
When there is a greater deed to do
We must not say can't
If it is not imperative that we should
But we never should really believe that we can't
Whenever it is for our necessity good
We must not synchronize with anything less than art-wise dignity
It is either that we are natural-constructive-achievers
Or something less than the natural self.
The rendezvous time is here
I see a prophesy:
Across the thunder bridge of time
We rush with lightnin' feet
To join hands with those
THE FRIENDS OF SKILL
Who truly say and truly do.




                                        179

The Friends Of Skill (1980)

    We must not say no to ourselves,
   When there is a greater deed to do
 We must not say can't and mean it,
   If it is not imperative that we should.
     We should believe that we can
        Whenever it is for our necessity good .....
           Invisibly always near is still that impossible way.
            We must not synchronize with anything less
              Than artwise dignity.
Either we are natural constructive achievers
  Or something less than that . .         .
    There is no compromise:
      The rendezvous time is here and now . . ....
Behold invincibility!
Across the thunder bridge of time
  We rush with lightnin' feet
  To join hands with those:
        The Friends of Skill
         Who truly say
         And truly-sincerely do.




                                       180

From Another Forever

"Out" Is The Way OfThe "Outer" And
"In" Is The Way OfThe "Inner"
The End Of The "Inner" End Is Different
From The End OfThe "Outer" End, Because
The Outer End Is The Outer On
Yes, Out Is The "Outer" And In Is The
"Inner."




                                   181

From Tomorrow*

From tomorrow not the same tomorrow's
Tomorrow today
But a greater far reaching living
Design of epic-cosmo powers
Beyond the limit of that which only always
Was
From tomorrow that we know we own
From tomorrow which is on its way to
Other mountains
Even mountains beyond the mountains
Ofthis one earth
Mountains of other dimensions, other
Planes and planets
From tomorrow
Not the same tomorrow of the recurring oath
'Sword'
Not the same tomorrow of the recurring oath
Ofthe past
The recurring oath-'swored' cycle curse
Not that same tomorrow that is still the
Past disguised under other names
No, not that tomorrow
But some better tomorrow that never
Came before
A rare myth-fiction of outer-thought
Adventure.




      ~~-                        .....
* See also the poems titled "Some Tomorrow".

                                      182

The Garden ofEarth (1972)

Alas, for those within the Garden of Eden
The Eden Garden
The Eating Garden
Necropolis, The Eatin' Garden
Where bones and flesh of the inhabitants are eaten.
They are in the Garden,
They are gardened
Since they were taken (wrested), they were gottened
And gottened/gardened
    Planted like a seed
    In the Garden of Eaten
    They are the chosen ones
    The begottened begottened begot
    The begottened begardened
    In their place ofberth.




The Garden OfEatened (1966)

Alas, for those within the Garden of Eden
The Eden Garden
The Eating Garden
Necropolis: the Eating Garden
Where bones and flesh of the inhabitants are Eaten.
THEY ARE IN THE GARDEN
They are gardened
Since they were taken they were gottened
And gardened
Planted like a seed
In the Garden of Eaten.
They are the chosen ones
The begottened begardened
In their place of berth.




                                     183

The Garden OfEden (1980)

  Alas, for those within the Garden of Eden
  ......... The Eden Garden . . . . .....
               The Eating Garden
             The Eatened Garden
                Necropolis ..... The Eatin' Garden
   Where bones and flesh of the inhabitants are eaten.
              They are in the Garden
              They are gardened since they were wrested
  ......... Now they are sayed to be rested/at rest ....
 They were taken by the taker under ....
   They were wrested and rested by some force
......... Whose power is it's weakness
               By which it weakened them                           .
          Yes, They were taken .. wrested               gottened
                     Begotten ... begottened/begardened
            Now they are in the garden ofeating being eaten .....
      Thus is the meaning of the Garden of Eden . . . . . . . . . . .
     . . . . It seems that the word Eden is used as a synonym
                              Ofthe word Paradise, . . . . . . . . . ...
     Paradise is sayed to be a Persian word meaning:
                              A fenced in garden . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
        Lo ... They are planted like a seed
                     Down in the garden ofeating being eatened
                      ... They are the chosen ones
                    ... The begottened begardened
                  Restin' in their place of berth                             .
          . . . . . . . . . . They were borne
                                  To their place of rest
                                     It is a backward version of birth
                                       Which is better stated as are-birth.
         A rebirth is a being born again . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         .
         . . . . . . . . . . A cryptic word of crypt-intent                      .




                                              184

The Glory of Shame (1972)

Neither honor nor despised
and rejected state crave I
When honor is deemed by law
To be the glory of shame
The tree of evil,


The tree of good?
Ofevil good
Ofgood evil?
The tree-------the tree is three
Gamma-Gimel-G
Gamma-Gimel-X
A drama on words
See the play?
How evil is good
How good is evil
When standards cross
Upon the cross of the earth.




The Glory Of Shame (1980)

Neither honor nor rejected state crave I
When honor is deemed by law
To be the glory of shame              .
What price glory?
Seek not the place of glory
Until glory is gifted to be a different-equation story.
Behold! ... The drama upon the tree
A drama on words                         .
See the play?
The tree is three .. GIMEL .... GAMMA .... GE.
Ereth is eerth is earth is erth is thre is three.
The earth is the third planet from the sun        .
Can you doubt it is three?                              .




                                          185

The Go Round

Circle turning in the sky       .
Round and round it goes          go round
Circle turning in the sky
Third in sun-space verity
Permutation dirth as three
Very, very, verily
        Irdth is earth
         'Tis plain to see       .
Dirt is earth?
    Oh yes, my dear!
  The truth of that is plainly clear ....


Circle circle in the sky
Round and round it goes ... go round ...
            Perhaps, that's why
             They call it ground
                  Because they can see it
                    Round go-round . . . . . .
            Round and round in a whirl
                   Perhaps that's why
                      'Tis called
                      A world
                    Because it's always in a whirl.
        Round and round it goes .... awhirl
             A whirl ... a whirl ..
                           A world . . . awhirl . . . . . . . ..




                                         186

God Wof (1972)

God wrote in code, He did, he Did!
God wrote in code. He did ... He Did
His act, He did: enactment thus
His code He did his word
He did, he did .. He did his word whose code he hid.
The where and whence of some do know
It's in the sure               It's in the sho'
The sure and show
Straight from the shoulder
Frankly so
Earth itself is shore ... is shore and shoulder shore, it's shoulders show
The yes of it is testament
A show . . . .... A shore
A showdown EVIDENT ..... The evident is evidence
Point ofdecision demand command
The showup scene, a voice-word spoke
The revelation probe ... broke code ...
The showup scene was mean, was mean!
The showdown time
Did let you know
That God's word
Is always sho'.
Don't you know, it's surely sho'
Raise your hands and testify . . .
Do you believe?
Now answer: "sho'''!
Answer "Sho'''!
The show is spoke of openly
It's always frankly thus, you know, you see. You see?
Sho' you know!
You know you know
YOU KNOW.
Sho' you do.
You know you know.




                                         187

God Wof (1980)

God wrote in code.
  He did!
  He did!
His act He did .... enactment thus
His word he did to execute
Perform He did that appointed to!
In secret--code His word he hid .....
A play He made upon the word!
He sealed the word and made it law!
A certainty
Ofsurety-sure
Fulfilment sure .. A word made good!
Sure and Sho' ... straight from the shoulder
Frankly so! Earth itself is shore. it's sho'
Earth itself is shore and shoulder sho'
  Its shoulders show         .
  The yes of it is testament.
  A show ... a shore
  A showdown evident ... The evident is evidence!
  Point ofdecision demand command . . . .
   The showup scene ... a voice-word spoke
      The revelation code ... broke code ...
      The showup scene was mean, was mean!
        The showup time did let you know
          That God's word is always sho' ...
      Raise your hands and testify ....
        Do you believe?
        Now answer: "Sho"'!                  .




                                       188

The Grass Grew Tall

The grass grew tall----------
Across its tips,
The wistful winds blew gustily;
And sang the strange luring songs
That touched the heart,
And enchanted the mind.
The wistful winds blew
Like words from some strange throat
Piercing the invisible walls
Ofdimensions beneath the slanted sun ofearth.
The winds blew wistfully;
And I felt
That all the years were as the sand
Upon the shore of a vast sea,
That whirl and whirl
Never again to rest upon the shore .....
Whirl and whirl
With growing intensity:
All the years . . . . ..
Whirling and cleaving together closer and closer,
Until they become as one             .
      And
          With a soft bewildered cry
               Fly out to sea . . .....
       That vast sea that has no end ...




                                       189

Hands

They helped to build this land
With the bare hand
   oftheir hands
They called them hands
   These hands served well
They builded their land
With the bare hands.




                                 190

The Heaven # Three *

The airy heaven is the empty space ..
The division of heaven is inner and outer,
The limited heaven is the inner.
So you see there is more than one heaven.
The third heaven is the area heaven #3
Which is the material plane called earth.
The earth is as the beginning;
It is the foundation of itself ....
It is an 0
Orao
Which is the alpha omega
Ofthe material plane.
Yet every planet is an 0
But earth is ao # 3
Or the third circle from the sun . . . ....


The air from another plane
Is like the counterpoint to a central theme.
The limited sound: the enclosed sound
Repeats itself over and over . . ....
It is a cycle: An eternity never changing
And there is nothing new under the sun there.
The limited eternity is different
From the outer spirals .....
The outer spirals move brilliantly
With vivid precision .... ever varying       .
Ever outward and ever onward                       .




               ~.-                 -paz
 For an earlier version ofthis poem, see "The Empty Space".


                                         191

Here Am I

Here I am,
I say what I say;
And they say what they say.
Here we are;
Yet they say they are
And I am not.
Here I stand.
Yet I am not
A living, breathing myth-
For those who can see
The meaning of the magic lie.




                                192

The Hidden

The hidden word is the hidden thought
For every occult sentence
Is based upon one word . . . . . .
The sentence of life Is based on the word "life"
 Because the root of the sentence of life
 Is the chosen word-verdict: life; &
 The route is the same
 And the root ofthe sentence ofdeath
 Is the chosen word-verdict: death; &
 The route is the same
 Death is first ofall of the sentence
 A sentence of promise or vow
 Death is the beginning or principle of
 The promise . . ....
 And death is the end of life
 Because from the moment the sentence
 Became an authorised promise
 The sentence became a means to an end
 The end in this case being the aim,
 Because the aim ofa lie that is doomed
 Is the end in more ways than one.
 Thus the reason why ofdeath is simple:
 The answer is the sentence : : : : : : : : :
 And the sentence is the word that became good
 The word is spoken of not only as one sound
 But an entire book ... A promise to be fulfilled
 The good word is the weigh (sum) ofthe book
 The good word is good because of the promises
   That was prophesized through the prophets
 And messengers sent to earth by God ...




                                         193

I Deal In Souls (1972)*

I deal in souls
The stuffof which dreams are made
More delicate than finest lacee
More valuable than all the precious gems in the world.


I deal in souls
Tender souls
Souls yet reaching in search
Souls of spiritual growth
Who feel themselves strong
I mold them with my fingertips
(tho they are unaware of this)
I shape each to be a separate part of each
And yet complete within itself.


I deal in souls
I make them to become nearer to what they seek
I make them to become nearer to what I seek
This double destiny
more precious to me than written words
(more precious to me than futile sounds
         ofvanity from traitorous lips)
I deal in souls I see them as they are
And not as they pretend to be.




* For a 1980 version ofthis poem, see "The Soul Dealer".

                                       194

I deal in souls
It is not amiss that I speak to my prized possession
It is not amiss that I speak
Words which are strange to the world
But which have deepest meaning to every soul
That hears my voice
And listens intently
To the things
I do not say
Rather than to what I say.




                                       195

I Have Forgotten (1972)

I have forgotten.
I had to forget
The yesterday way,
The yesterdays path . . .
I seek
I seek
A better place
Not like the plane of the one dimension paradise
The one dimension Babylon,
The one dimension one!
Not like the place of shame confused with glory.


I seek a vaster realm than that
Or this
I seek a vaster realm of profitable enlightened vision,
A region-realm of chromatic truths, truths of alter-reality, yet  .
Abstracts of living-cosmo design
Full ofwarmth and planes of light from other worlds.




                                       196

I Have Forgotten (1980)

I have forgotten.
  I had to forget
   The yesterday way,
    The yesterday path


I seek a better place in the sun:
Not like the planes of the one dimension paradise
   Or one dimension Babylons.
Beware of one dimension-one
Enter not into the place
Ofshame confused with glory!


I seek a vaster realm than that or this ...
I seek a celestial realm
 Ofprofitable enlightened vision:
A region-realm ofchromatic truths ...
   Truths ofalter-reality
          Yet
Omni-abstracts of living cosmo-design,
       Full ofwarmth
    And ultra-planes of light
         From other worlds.




                                       197

I Thought I Am: Am Not (1980)*

What I thought I am
I am not           .
What was and is
Is not ...
What dreams were mine
I am not
The laughter
The tears
The fleeting years
Like pages read and turned
Are not
  Gone like a sigh
  Or a bird swift
  In sudden flight         .




      ..........'-~ .-
                *..
                                Wu=s

*A slight revision of"Flight".

                                    198

l!We

And their world was beautiful.
I cannot describe
The then of it;
Where now remember I nothing more
Refulgent or greater in enduring love
Ofthem only are we left,
For I am we:
Their themness.
We see us
Ofthe world oftransient notness
And treasure the world they knew
As a heritage rare          .
Although, I thought
We had forgotten.




                                     199

IfI Told You

If I told you, "I am from outer space",
You wouldn't believe a word I said.
Would you? ... Why should you?
You've lost your way              .
You should have nothing to say.
You've lost your rights
To walk on Jupiter and Mars.
And even other worlds unknown among the stars
Among the stars.
You've lost your rights to the pleasant
To the pleasant things of being.
You've lost your rights,
Your cosmo-interplanetary-intergalactic
    Eternal-rights of Celestial being.


    Hark!
    This existence is not what it seems.
    True, it is of the truth, it is existence;
    Yet and still .. it is not being ...
    If it were ofomni-being, it would be.
    And what is called life
    Could be seen from a different view
    To be enclosed in an abstract-prism
                   Haven-heaven-hell
    For shades and shodows
    Ofthe inner darkness.




                                           200

Ignorance

The attributes of ignorance
Deserve consideration
Ignorance, an exalted state among men, abides:
Thus Ignorance is said to be bliss.
The equation: Ignorance equals bliss
Deserves due consideration.
The power of ignorance
Must be given credit for its activity
A temple to the god of ignorance
And the guardian creator ofconfusion
Should be built.
Is ignorance a blessing or a curse?
Consider the merits and demerits of ignorance.




                                     201

Illuminates (1970)

    sound radiates
      illuminates
articulates the symbol of

and* what it radiates it is

 on what it illuminates
it casts the touch of fire




*The 1980 version has "On" instead of"and".

                                     202

The Image Nothing*

It may was the whatever it was wased
The was ofwas time
Was time?
Trinity? Waltz in three-four time dimension?
Well then and so perhaps the was waltz was
The once-thrice
Once-thriceness
Threeness once.
Yea!
This image then
Is but an image nothing
For the natural is
Is nature's is mystic-myth
Keys
Words
There on-ness
Movement is
T-ness; areness; is-ness; be-ness; amness; on-ness
And from there abstract notion second
Notion-motion
Notion I
I move on; on to the plane ofadvance:
The farther; for the farther way
Is that which never touches the
Shores of their now-wasness
For it is the there myth of not
Out upon the farther dimensions of the
Greater - out - future that is not of their future of
                  once.




 Recited by Lester Bowie on Leo Records CD "No Point" (LR330).


                                        203

The Image Reach (196Sn2)*

To
The territory of the non-memory
The realm of the moving potential
ofthat which is not --
To
The state beyond the image-reach
The magic life of myth
And fantasy
I speak
And say "Welcome."
I welcome thy presence
As a very Cosmic gift
of sheer happiness.
The happiness I have known
Are no longer mine.
I cast them to the world
And say "Take these"
As you have taken all else from me,
For I have one foot upon
The threshold of other realms
And wings
[Have grown
Upon my mind
To take me
Beyond the gravity
And gravitation
ofthe earth.]




*The lines in brackets are not in the 1968 version in Black Fire. The quotations marks
are taken from the 1972 version. While not ideal, these marks make better sense than
those in the 1968 version, which may have been altered by Jones/Baraka et al.


                                         204

The Image Reach (1980)

To the territory of the non-memory
The realm ofthe moving potential of that which is not . . . ..
To the state beyond the image-reach
    The magic cosmo-life of Myth and Fantasy
       I speak and say "Welcome."
     I welcome thy presence as a very Cosmic gift
   Ofsheer happiness beyond sublime.


The happinesses I have known are no longer mine,
 I cast them to the world and say,
 "Take these, as you have taken all else from me,
 For I now stand upon the threshold ofother worlds
 And WINGS have grown upon my mind to take me beyond the
               Gravity and gravitation of Earth                 ".




                                     205

Imagination*

'Imagination' is a magic carpet
Upon which we may soar
To distant lands and climes
And even go beyond the moon
To any planet in the skyt
Ifwe came from nowhere here
Why can't we go somewhere there?




*A later version of"Enticement"of1957. "Imagination"wasrecited bymembers ofthe
Arkestra on "Nothing Is" (1966).
t The recitation has "space" here.

                                     206

Immortals

Yesterdays
     and
         tomorrow
               are
         different
When they exist in their own spheres
      but when every tomorrow is the
            same as every
yesterday
     Then, that every tomorrow is not
         the real tomorrow
      Because it is only a copy of
all the yesterdays gone by.




                                     207

The Immortals

They live endlessly
Who have no end
And their end is their aim
Thus immortality
Being the state ofendlessness
Is because of thought
differentials
The state ofaimlessness
The point is the aim
Thus: "."




                                208

The Imperative

They turned this way and that; then laughed
For they were like a thing encaged,
Too sad to sing-----------
And they had heard that laughter
Is a way to song and joy.
They've turned this way and that and sighed
That they should be a thing encaged:
Too tired to live-----------
For they had heard that sighing
Is a way to ease a grief.


Come song, come joy, come grief
Their laughter and their sighing
Have naught to do with these.
Life has its ways
And it is imperative that they should know
What makes them what they are.




                                      209

Thein

There are two sides to the beginning
And the in is between the two
Have you not heard of the in-between
That makes three perspective considerations
And there are more
The crest and the base
And their inversion form:
    The shadow of the mirrored image
    Impression given
    From the viewpoints.




                                    210

In Dutch

I stay "in dutch" so much
I'm beginning to feel I'm Dutch
"I'm Dutch"                .
 IfI try to do right,
 I find myself "in dutch"         .
 If I try to do wrong,
 I find
 I'm still
 "In dutch"
 It's getting to be much much too much;
 I might as well move to Holland
 And make my home with the Dutch ....
 I stay in Dutch;
 More even than the Dutch stay in dutch ....
 Ain't that much too much.
 Harlem                         .
       'Tis said:
           Was settled by the Dutch ..
              That's wherefrom it gets its name ..
    No one can say that Harlem
                     Is not
              "In dutch-in dutch".




                                       211

In Human Form

In human form
We have so much to expound
Yet even more
So much more to learn;
So much more to be ...
To understand.
In human form
Imprisoned we
But yet another greater dawn
Will give us being invincible
Upon the planes
Where life is not life
And death is not death.




                                212

In Some Far Place*

In some far place
Many light years in space
I'll wait for you.
Where human feet have never trod . . ..
Where human eyes have never seen,
I'll build a world ofabstract dreams
And wait for you.

In tomorrow's realm
We'll take the helm
Ofa new ship ....
Like the lash ofa whip
We'll be suddenly on the way
And lightning-journey
To yet another friendly shore.




        ~....,~                         -
                                  -~.

 See "The Far Off Place" and "Tomorrow's Realm" for other versions of this poem,
which was recited by Sun Ra & the Arkestra on "Somewhere over the Rainbow" (1977)
and sung by members ofthe Arkestra on "Strange Celestial Road" (1979/80) under the
title "I'll wait for you".


                                       213

[In the inward side of the End]

In the inward side of the End
Are the things which are based
Upon the foundation of the Past.
On the onward side of the Never-No-End
Are the things which are based
Upon the potentials of the ontology of the Future
That has no connection to the End
Ofthe Once-upon-a-time-Etemity
Ofthe Past that was.
It's After the End of the World!
Don't you know that yet?*




      .........       ..
               '-~Wu:ua                   -
                                         .

* The last two lines were recited on "It's After the End of the World" (1970),
"Soundtrack to the Film Space is the Place" (1972), "Discipline 99" (1974) and "Black
Myth / Out in Space" CD (1998).


                                         214

The Inned Inning

  Ifthrough the once to the in
                 You are onced as the inned
            Upon the time one
           And one time one time one
         Time one time one time one
        Time one is equal the I'd of the past,
          Then you've been had by one.
            Because one time one time one
              Is still one .. there is no change
                 It is monotony
              Which is timed one of itself ....
            The l-ed: the I-de .. the 1.0.
          The knowledge/id/idea
         Of good and evil or good ind evil ....
       Because the and is the an
     And the n and the ind is the n and the in
     Thus the en is end and ind the inned ....
     Entered in ... interred-interment ...
     Yes the n is the en is the in is the n ..
   Ifthe three is as one then one is as c;
   But when it is onced it is threed
   And thus treed because the tree is three


      The trio/three of the tree so treed is seed
      The revelation of the seed is thriced
      Once and for all understand this:
      Through the once to the in, one is onced in
      Inned into the eternity cycle one onced
                   trio treed ceed seed c' d.




                                     215

Intergalactic Master (1972/80)

Full age is [of]* different connotation
Symbolization from** the void
Immeasurable fullness
Feeling determinant
Full age
Is of the priceless treasure
Above eternities
Full age
Is the feel of things
And Intergalactic Master Control




*The 1972 version does not contain this word, but the 1980 does.
** The 1972 version has "form" here, and this seems to be corrected, rather than
revised, in the 1980 version.


                                       216

[Interpretation]*

Interpretation is not without it's value.
When it's equational      .
It can nullify extinction        .
It can even bypass the truth
And things ofearth as they are and was
Will fade from the mind as if it had
        Never been.
The hand that fate dealt earth
     Should never have been allowed
        Within the scenario
         Called "life"




                                   ---"""-...... ~-
                                         .
 This poem without a title appears on the same page as "Like Seeds", D p.63. It might
be a second part of"Like Seeds", but this does not seem likely. Neither poem appeared
in any other publication.


                                         217

The Invented Memory (1968)

What is called man when first created was given an invented memory:
A storehouse of manufactured, unschooled conceptions,
conclusions and beliefs.
These conceptions, conclusions and beliefs were placed in the
minds of what is called man, in order to keep same from looking
backward into a void ... Because of what has happened.
The word man is but an image-symbol
Thus man is striving to be the idea of himself.
The pattern of the model-man is the idol which man worships
Without understanding why and without seeing the end-product
Which is the conclusion of the finished man.
It is finished refers to the conceptions of man
And likewise the conception.
Conceive is to think
Or to become pregnant with:
Thus the riddle of the version is no longer virgin.


The manufactured history ... The manufactured history!
How came the manufactured history?
Because of the void ... The manufactured history was
substituted for the void in order to keep man from feeling empty
And without foundation.
The real truth is that a man is but the blueprint or image ofa house.
And now he must build himself to be the reality
Just as he builds his house to live in, he must build himself to
Live in.
Must he use the foundation ofthe substitute for the void
Or must he use a greater type of wisdom
Older than the void and splendid in the Cosmic sense?
This is the splendor of the future!
A future surpassing every philosophy that has ever been spoken.
Thus man can rise above the perfect man.
The history of man proves man to be antiquated and dead;
Thus the synonym ofdeath is man who is the incarnation of it,




                                        218

And a dealer in the works of it.*
The determining factor of the trust is the scientific realization
Ofthe apparent, and the balanced equation ofthe reality.
Is there a purpose?
The purpose of the author of man is to determine in a scientific
Manner whether man can be tempted to think that it is possible to live
Ifman can be tempted to think, thereby a better memory can he
create than the one implanted in his mind from the
So-called past.
The implanted memory has been nurtured and kept alive by the
Teachers of the invented memory, who closed their eyes that they
Might not see that the knowledge of the invented memory
Is truly sacred and taboo ... A forbidden death-dealing tree.
The tree is the three and the three is the ereth or erth: ... earth.


Appendix: 1980 ending of "The Invented Memory":


The determining factor of the truth
Is the scientific realization of the apparent
And the balanced equation of the reality.
Is there a purpose?
The purpose of the author of man
Is to determine in a scientific manner
Whether man can be tempted to think beyond his own thoughts ...
Thereby a better memory can be obtained by man
Than the one implanted in his mind from the so-called past.
The implanted memory has been nurtured and kept alive
By the teachers of the invented memory
Who closed their eyes that they might not see
That the knowledge of the invented memory
Is truly sacred and taboo . . .
A forbidden death dealing tree           The tree is the three,
And the three is the ereth or erth       earth.




*To here, the 1980 version is identical. For the continuation ofthe 1980 version, see
appendix.


                                         219

Invisibility

Rise lightly from the earth
And try your wings
Try them now
While I make the darkness invisible
The visibility of the day
Is the invisibility of the night
The invisibility of the day
Is the visibility of the night
So rise lightly from the earth
And try your wings
Try them now
While the darkness is invisible.




                                   220

The Invisible Giants

Fire has many degrees
Brothers of the Flame are like the Fire
For every flame, everywhere and anywhere
Whether large or small
Is a living being
Ofthe brotherly cosmo-degree ofthe fire.


The fire is a living being of the non-physical plane
Fire is truly spirit: when it seen, it is still not physical
It is a living breathing being!
For all fire breathes the air
It burns by air.


Out of the wind comes the fire
The fire is the wind
So close are they in spirit
Until each is the spirit of the other.
Twins they are of potent demonstration.
The fire is
And the wind is
Two invisible giants are they.




                                          221

The Irrisistible Thought

This is the herald ofbeing!
The fiery reality of irrisistible ..
    The living presence
            Of
 The impossible idea.


We will conquer the truths of ignorance
      That we might and will be
     More than just alive            .
   But beings ofcelestial beistness
        Celestial Eternal be am is are on ....
      Weare the greater: the greater truth
             We are it to be.
     We duplicate ourselves when we choose
 We live to bring greater pleasure
   And greater delight to the worlds.
       Never will you think we live in vain,
      Ifyou tune your mind to the sound
        Ofthe sound ofthe voice
           Ofthe greater tomorrow.
      Splendidly superb is the future,
     Brilliant with the joy of being
              Celestially alive
      Beists of the endless
           Bottomless
            Abyss of the outer never no end endless
                Kingdom ofThe Eternal ETERNAL BEING.
                   The BEIST OF BEISTS             .




                                       222

Jazz In Silhouette

This is the story of the silhouettes,
Bright silhouettes and dark background ...
Dark silhouettes and bright background.


THIS IS THE SOUND OF SILHOUETTES
IMAGES AND FORCASTS OF TOMORROW
DISGUISED AS JAZZ


There is a velvet sound in the forecast of tomorrow ...
A velvet sound
Sophisticated, alive and Bold.


MUSIC BY THE SUN AND THE STARS OF TOMORROW ...
MUSIC BY THE STARS AND THE SUN.
MUSIC: JAZZ IN SILHOUETTES
THIS IS THE MEANING OF THE ALBUM.


A Certain Beat
A Sudden Chord
These things charm the mind with veiled enchantment
That lingers long after the song is done.


IMAGES ...                                 VELVET     .
ENLIGHTMENT ...                            SATURN      .
HOROSCOPE ...                              HOURS AFTER ...
BLUES AT MIDNIGHT ...                      ANCIENT AIETHOPIA ...


These songs are for your memory library
In the artistic form of"JAZZ IN SILHOUETTE"




                                      223

The Lightning Realities (1972)*

All lights are equally lights
Rays of being
Lightning realities of Vibrations
All lights are
Rays: beams: race
From sound field
To "feel" synchronizes
From rays to race
From race to rays
Through the medium of light
From sundry plane
We move to unlimited
Spheres in unlimited areas:
Areas
       ------
Transistion weighs
Ofabstract translation
To other ways of thought
Equation revealment
The vast abyss: the eternal Pit of Out Space
Is the f[i]rst for bold outcast pioneers
Cast out from the earth into the outer pit




*Though there can be no certainty, various textual clues suggest that the compositionof
this poem may date to the late 1950's.


                                        224

Lightning Realities (1980)

All lights are rays of being
Lightning realities touch
Intense vibrations       voice of the silences-sound
All lights are of rays    beams
Projection from subtle hidden sound field
To feel-synchronization
That moves from rays to race to rays to race to rays
To beams of beings . . . . .....
Thus, through the medium of light
From sundry cosmo-planes,
We can move to spheres in the vast endless abyss . . . . . . .
The vast endless abyss ofOuter Space                       .
The.approach of the Eon ofadjustment is at hand
Transition-adjustment .. alter interpretation       .
Equational-precision
Cosmo-Visions Magic ... abstract translation
To other waves ofthought-feeling-atunement ...
"The lifting up shall be the casting down",
'Tis thus it is written          .
Look outward at the eternal pit of Out-Space             .
Out-Space is at first for bold outcast pioneers   .
Cast Out from the earth into the bottomless pit.




                                       225

Like Seeds

They are alike ... Seeds and words.
When seeds are sown, they become potential
They become potentially active .....
      When words are so-oned
      They become potentially active.
Yes ... indeed ... in deed . . .
   Alike they are




*There appears after this poem in D p.63, an untitled poem (found as "Interpretation")
which may be a second part of"Like Seeds", but this does not seem likely. There are no
other publications ofeither poem.


                                        226

Living Parable (1972)

Those who are thirsty for wisdom
Will ever move toward the source of the wisdom
That quenches their thirst.




Living Parable (1980)

Wisdom on abstract planes
 Uses myth as medium to understanding.
    Thus a living parable to the outward or inward truth
      Is every myth;
       And from the base and crest of the myth
         You can see like from an all revealing eye
           The comparison symbol-blueprints of the truth ....
             Like from a picture
              You can see the likeness of a person
               And know the person when first you meet,
                 For the image pictured symbols
                   Knock boldly upon the door ofdarkness
                     And voices speak from without.




                                    227

Living Parallel (1972)

Wisdom on its abstract planes
Uses myth as medium to understanding
Thus a living parable to the outward
or inward truth
Is every myth:
And from the myth you can see
The likeness of the truth-out
Like from a picture
You can see the likeness of a person
And know the person
When first you meet
For the image pictured symbols
Knock upon the door ofdarkness
And voices speak from without.




                                    228

The Lored Lord*

   See the salvation of the Lored
   Then you will understand
The meaning of the Lore, the tree of the Lore
See how close the Lore is to the Lored, the Lord.
The Lored should be considered as the Teacher
And if the teacher is the master And the Master is The Lord
The Lore is the knowledge.




     ........,,~                 Cc=z .-
* This poem, which appeared in 1972 under the present title, also appeared in 1980
under the title "The Tree ofthe Lore".


                                       229

Love and Hate

  Love which is such a great power must
At times be channeled in a particular
Direction in order to achieve certain intents.
   Hate which is such a great power must
At times be channeled in a particular
Direction in order to achieve certain intents.
       To lose* one thing above all else is to
Reject the rest or tolerate which is a degree
Ofdisguised hate in a merciful form.




*While the text reads "lose" here, the correct word may be "love".

                                        230

Love in Outer Space*

Sunrise
Love in its splendour
Reaches out to a lover like me again
Sunrise in love love love ever lasting


Sunrise
Love ever lasting
Speaks to me in metaphysical harmonies
We move to celestial rhythms rare
Up word and out word to delight in the mysteries


Sunrise
For the world to see
Sunrise
In outer space
Love for every face




      .......'-~c--    .              .-
 Recited by members ofthe Arkestra on "Pleiades" CD (Leo 210/211,disc 2, track 3).


                                       231

Magic City (1972)

This city is the Universe
Because it is that city of all natural creation
It is surrounded by the wilderness
The encircling forest ofthe edge of itself
All that is endlessly beyond
This city is the Magi's thought
This city is the magic of the Magi's thought.
The idea, the calculated knowledge of it
Eternally balanced by the uncalculated presence of
The intuition potential intruder/the beam
Harmonic precision celestial being
Chromatic rays race.


There are angels.
There are angels!
They guard and watch
Permit and limit.. .. either way, they are
Powers, principalities and thrones.
They dwell within as well as without the city.


The third heaven slaves?
Who, and what and why are they?
I see places ofdisguise
Hidden monarchs of the past hid them
The Magi appears as one of them
But they are not
And He the Master Magi is Not!


I see places of disguise
The humanitarians are the Cosmo-cursed oathed of
The Living-God's second-born, they are not the first-born.
And all of this is thus
For someone wrote these words
The second child shall stand in his stead.




                                         232

The heavens are like a scroll
Blended with circle surrounding earth
And what do we see
Behold!. Behold!.
The stars are writing of the destiny
Ofthose within the hand offate
That teacher! That Majesty! That pristine deceiver!
That Magi ofbelittledlbediminished fame!
That Magi.
For the Magi is miracle Magic of it all
The Magi is all
The All-Magic citizen of the Magic City
Ofthe Magic universe.




                                     233

Magic City (1980)

This city is the universe
Because it is that city ofall natural creation.
It is surrounded by the wilderness
----- The encircling forest of the edge of itself -----
All that is endlessly beyond this city
  Is the Magi's thought . . . . . ...
      The idea ... The calculated knowledge of it
       Eternally balanced by the uncalculated presence of
          The potentials' intuition intruder .....
             Projections of harmonic precision
               Cosmo-Omni-rhythms ofovertones subtones
                  Contrapuntal melodies
                      Balanced by ever watchful celestial Feels ..
                        They are angels
                          They guard and watch ... permit and limit
                            They are powers . . . . . . . . . . .
                                        Principalities               .
                                           And thrones . . . . . . . . . .
                             They dwell within
         . . . . . . . . . . .    As well as without the city .....
 The third heaven slaves? ... Who and what are they?
  .................... I see places ofdisguise
                        Arch-monarchs of the past hid them ..
                 The Magi appears as one of them
                For they are not          .
          And He .... The Master Magi is Not!
 The heavens are like a scroll
      Blended with circle surrounding earth                  .
      And what do we see ..... Behold!                   Behold!
      The stars are writing of the destiny
       Ofthose within the hand of fate .....
 That Teacher! That Majesty! That pristine Deceiver!
 That Magi ofbelittledlbediminished fame! That Magi!
 For the Magi is miracle Magic of it all
 The Magi is All . . . . . . . . ..
    The ALL MAGIC CITIZEN ofThe Magic City
                        Ofthe Magic Universe.



                                            234

The Mask

I'm working under a mask
There are some ofanother masque
Where the sun strikes the towers
         Beyond the mosque
There is hidden beauty everywhere
          And the potentials
              Leap across
        The barriers of time
             Into the
           Eternal spirals
               Ofthe
        Celestial-Cosmos-Iore-way
    Beyond the words
           Ofwhat is called "life"
    And what is called "death".


I'm working under a compelled determination
 On a sundry plane
         Of
 DupIicity-parab1e-paradox
      Where the sun strives
           With the ignorance of masses
              And the difficulties of tongues
       Yet, indeed will achieve
             Invincible stance
      Bringing all into the dark-cosmo-light
          Ofa sudden burning celestial-fire ...




                                     235

The Melody Of The Air

This is not to convert
To lead, to persuade
It is of the spirit of the wind.
And what does the wind know?
It never tells.
Where does it go?
It never tells.
Either of the where of, to, or fro
Nor do I.
If everyone is of this planet
Why must they disagree as they do?
The wind wends it's way ever is and on
Trails ofclouds sail a path airborne
By the spirit of the wind.
The wind/air/melody/sound
Is
The spirit is air
You need wings to ride
To fly
With the spirit of the air.
The air is melody
Music
That those who feel
Might feel and hear the expressions
Ofthe feeling
Ofthe sound
Ofthe adventure
Ofthe Living Spirit.




                                    236

{The Melody of the Air]

This is not to convert to lead, to persuade
And what does the wind know?
It is ofthe spirit of the wind
It never tells
Where does it go?
It never tells either of the where of to or from
Nor do I
The wind wends it's way ... ever is and on
Ifeveryone is ofthis planet why must they disagree as they do?
Trails ofclouds sail have passed air borne
By the spirit of the wind
The wind-air-melody--sound is
The spirit is air
You need wings to ride to fly with the spirit ofthe air!




                                        237

Memory Says (1972)

Quickly, inside the door;
Greet you, depart:
That's how memory seems-----
Years have no meaning
    (minutes and hours
       and days and years, all the same)
There is no time in memory's realm.
Yesterday?
Last year?
When did I see you last?
OH, I know:
Quickly, inside the door
Greet you, depart . . . . . .
That's what memory says for days and hours.




Memory Says (1980)

Quickly, inside the door;
 Greet you, depart:
    That's how memory seems             .
         Years have no meaning
             Minutes and hours
             Days and years,
             All the same        .
    There is no time in memory's realm.
               Yesterday?
              Last year?
   When did I see you last
         Oh, I know:
          Quickly, inside the door
             Greet you,
               Goodbye         .
That's what memory says for days and hours.




                                     238

Men and Amen

What are brothers and what are men
Men is significantly an Egyptian word
For "Egyptians are men and not god."
What are the gods that are not gods
For the gods that are gods
Are perhaps god's gods or God's gods.
God's God's and God's god or God's God
Is mentioned
Assumption?
Idea
Conecption
Idea Knowledge.




                                    239

Message To Black Youth (1971)

Never say you are unloved
I love you
In all the simplicity of the word
Never say you have no friend
How dare you feel that way!
I am your unknown friend
How long before you know
If I deny you
It is only love
Seeking a way to make you hear
The thought essence of being
It is too late not to be your better self
Your beauty to me is your discipline
Ifyou do not need it now
You will need it then
Ifyou do not need it here
You will need it there
Do you find these strange words for love
Indeed!
I do too
But love is some other truth opposed
Here
If I deny yet I care
No one could ever care more
Than I
Still you may not understand.
But do you must!
Consider this
Well I am jealous then
And why*




* The versions published by Omni Press are taken from the 1972 versions, but end at
this point.


                                         240

But it is always why and why and why
That mystery
You are not supposed to know
But I told you yes
Then I told you know*
The vice/voice of the other realm
Outemess there
Listen ... listen to this
Never say you dwell alone
And think you walk unseen in the darkness
Ofthe dark black blue** golden brown ofyou
Here Am I companion friend
Black youth, please understand!


Other youth take heed
prepare
discipline-precision
You will see an abstract tomorrowness myth
A triumph of otherness love
Not the earth definition of           But then
What does the earth know about such things?
Still you shall claim it too
It is great enough for that and more
Not at first meant to be that way
But second thoughts bring other thoughts
Into mind reality/myth
Other youths if real in the myth shall partake.




 The version in A has this word as "no".
렁 The 1972 version has "hue" instead of"blue".


                                        241

The Mirror of Things To Be (1972)

Henceward and gaze into the mirror of things to be
For that which an ear may hear
The mind's eye can see
Remember this and grasp the helm ofboundless intuition-thought
Bypass the snares and traps of the Amen - inner - void
Bypass the snares and traps of the gravity-inner void .....
Remember this:
Someone must show the way
A better way than any other way that they have ever known
Someone must love them more
Than they have ever been loved before
Someone must teach a transformation to a greater truth
Another way of Living-Life .. another ecstacy            .
Remember this:
Someone must show the way.




The Mirror of Things To Be (1980)

Henceward and gaze into the mirror ofthings to be
For that which an ear may hear,
The mind's eye can see.
Remember this and grasp the helm
 And grasp the helm of boundless intuition-thought        .
Bypass the snares and traps of the gravity.-inner void  .


Remember this:
  Someone must show the way;
    A better way
      Than any-every other way they have known.


Someone must love them more
  Than they have ever been loved before
     Someone must teach a transformation to a greater truth
      Another way of Living-Being-Ecstacy                  .
        Remember this:
         Someone must show the way.


                                     242

Musi~ Of The Spheres

Music of the spheres: of the outer spheres
For there are dimensions
That are yet are not
This music is of the outer spheres
Ofthe Kingdom ofNot ... the void
For it is of the unsaid words
Concerning the things that always are to be,
So that from the unsaid words,
Which are of not .....
Because they are of those things
Which always are to be .....
Nothing comes to be in order that
Nothing shall be because nothing
From nothing leaves nothing.


Music of the spheres
This music is of the spheres
Music of the outer spheres
This music came from nothing,
The void, in response to the
Burning need for nothing else
For nothing else will do
For something elseness.
This nothing, this outer void, this outer nothing
Is out of nothing
It is the music of the outer spheres.
The nothing symbol: sphere: nothing is
The earth nothing is o.
The greater nothing is the endless sphere.




                                       243

Music The Neglected Plane of Wisdom*

Music is a plane of wisdom, because music is a universal language. It is a
     language of nnhonor, it is a noble precept, a gift of the Airy Kingdom.
     Music is air, a universal existence. .. common to all the living.


Music is existence, the key to the universal language.
Because it is the universal language . .. .... .. .. ..
Freedom of Speech is Freedom of Music.
Music is not material, Music is Spiritual.
Music is a living soul force.
That which is of the soul is the greater light
The light of greater instruction ...
The light ofculture and beauty,
The light of intensity and living power.
The name of Music is Art.
The name of Music is played by infinite instruments.
The name can lift dreams from nothing to reality
    Keeping them ever before the eyes . . .


Like once silent voices burst into song, the name strikes the ear


And the sound of it rushes like a wild thing and takes its place as the core of
     even the minutest part of being.


Music has wings. It moves upon the wings of intuition and thought.


Music is the Ambassador of the Airy Kingdom.


Sound .. . Cosmic Vibration ... Life




* See note on "The Neglected Plane ofWisdom".

                                      244

Pure life like pure blood is negative.
It is time to consider the negative planes of existence.
It is time to consider Music as a plane of wisdom


and a weapon of defense against the past and the condemnations ofthe past.


Blood when negative is pure.
The negative is the symbol of the pure.
The Music ofthe past is positive Music in the same way the past is symbolized
      by the positive.




                                       245

The Myth ofMe

Kindness in a cruel world?
What price the glory!
What else is kindness but glory
In a cruel world?
Many words spoken and activated
Activated and spoken in many ways
Are priceless scenarios.
What more could they be than that?
Remote upon the scene
I find the time to realize
That what I find to be
I be and that is all I own --
The thought of the me I wish to be
For nothing else is half as real
As the myth of me.




                                   246

The Neme Sound (1972, version 1)

The name can be music
Played by infinite instruments
The name can lift nothingness
From nothing to reality
And keep the myth parable apparent.


Like once silent voices burst into song
The name strikes the ear
And the sound of it
Rushes like a wild thing
To take its place
As the core
Ofthe music, the infinite instruments
And the vital vibration
Ofthe meaning
Ofthe name




The Name Sound (1972, version 2)

The name can be music played by infinite instruments,
The name can lift splendor-vision from nothing on to
reality-myth
It is the myth of everything that is nothing
It is the nothing that never knew that
was of onceness bounds


Like once silent voices burst into song
The name strikes the ear
And the sound of it
Rushes like a wild thing
To take its place as the core
ofthe music, the infinite instruments
And the vital realness of the meaning
ofthe name.


                                       247

The Name Sound (1980)

        The name can be music
      Played by infinite instruments.
  The name can lift nothingness from nothing
         To everluted reality
                  Yet
        Keep the myth-parable apparent.
Like once silent voices burst into song
          The name strikes the ear
                     And
               The sound of it
          Rushes like a wild thing
              To take it's place
         As the core of the music
        The infinite instruments
      And the vital vibrations
    Ofthe meaning ofthe name . . . . . ...




                                     248

Nature's Laws

According to nature's laws and laws
I be as I am and what I am not even
Because and yet not even because
Because, for, and, that is .... why ....
Because should and why. If then
Then and so
Perhaps
May
If I do, I will
And if I don't I won't
Either way I do and I don't perspectively
Why, when, how, what, which
Yes, no, neither.




[Nature's Laws]

      According to nature's laws and law
      I be as I am and what I am not even
       Because and yet not even because
       Because and yet not even because
      Because, for, and, that is .. why ..
                  Then and so
                    Perhaps
                       May
                  If I do I will
             And if I don't I won't
   Either way I do and I don't perspectively
         Why, when how, what, which
             Yes, no ..... neither.




                                      249

The Neglected Plane of Wisdom*

Music is a plane of wisdom, because music is a universal language, it is a
     language ofhonor, it is a noble precept, a gift ofthe Airy Kingdom, music
     is air, a universal existence. .. common to all the living.


Music is existence, the key to the universal language.


Because it is the universal language.


Freedom of Speech is Freedom of Music.


Music is not material, Music is Spiritual.


Music is a living soul force.


That which is of the soul is the greater light


The light of greater instruction ...


The light of culture and beauty


The light of intensity and living power.


The name of Music is Art.




                -..                       .-
                                    _$WE
      ..........
               '->~
* This poem first appeared (as "The Neglected ...") in the first Saturn records
prospectus, issued in 1966 or perhaps 1965. It also appeared in the second Saturn
catalog (Saturn "II" Inc. Handy Catalog No. B7S66Y) as "Music The Neglected Plane
ofWisdom". The differences between the two are slight, mostly involving punctuation.
Both versions are given here because oftheir great rarity.
At the bottom of "Music The Neglected ..." is printed "Registered 1955". However,
and not surprisingly, no such poem is registered for copyright under either title, or under
any of Sun Ra's various names which he used to copyright music. It is not clear then
which is the original title or version. If the date is correct, this poem is the earliest
known Sun Ra poem.


                                          250

The name of Music is played by infinite instruments.


The name can lift dreams from nothing to reality


And keep them ever before the eyes ...


Like once silent voices burst into song, the name strikes the ear
And the sound of it rushes like a wild thing and takes its place as the core of
       even the minutest part of being.


Music has wings, it moves upon the wings of intuition and thought.


Music is the Ambassador ofthe Airy Kingdom.


Sound ... Cosmic Vibration ... Life


Pure life like pure blood is negative.


It is time to consider the negative plane ofexistence. It is time to consider Music
       as a plane of wisdom and a weapon of defense against the past and the
       condemnations of the past.


Blood when negative is pure.


The negative is the symbol of the pure.


The Music ofthe past is positive Music in the same way the past is symbolized
       by the positive.




                                        251

Never is the Future (1972)

Never is the future


Because Tomorrow never comes
          Comes tomorrow never
          Tomorrow comes never
          Comes never tomorrow
          Never comes tomorrow
          Never tomorrow comes.*

               TOMORROW IS NEVER


The future is never
         Never comes tomorrow
               Never is not


Never is not necessarily negative
    There are two nevers
           The name of one is once
                For once is not and never is not


If never is not then ever is ot
If dot is dart, then ever is art
What eternity does the eternity represent?
What cycle ofever is the art?


   Behold the pre-prophetic symbols of the planes of Never.
Behold, behold this thisness!
This isness.




* See also the poem "Tomorrow Never Comes" which is similar to this excerpt.

                                       252

That which is to be will be
But that which will be is not
Thus is to be and will be are not
Yet that which will never be was is the eternal future.


NEVER IS THE FUTURE ..... since if NEVER never was
Or is not of the never that has been
Then the never which is not of the was is the IS.
         The alter future consists ofendless nevers
Nevers of motion which continues to be alive and active.
         Consider the motion and the notion
         It takes a motion to notion
         and it takes a notion to motion.


Everything is seemingly so in the positive comprehensive way
From that point, say: The past is passed to the realm ofbeen and was .....
Therein is the light pointing to the Cosmo-equation ofthe son with the seal ...
the word as of Babylon because upon the confused plane of planned
     deception ..
there is a narrow by-way road leading to broader planes of the greater
     tomorrow ..
and all this can be found through the delicately balanced balancing of the
     meaning
ofthe sounds ofthe words: the phonetic twin thought image-determination.




                                      253

Never Is The Future (1980)

Never is the future
Because tomorrow never comes
          Comes tomorrow never
          Tomorrow comes never
          Comes never tomorrow
          Never comes tomorrow
          Never tomorrow comes            .
Tomorrow is never and never is tomorrow
When a planet makes it's home in the shadow of the past,
Coming events will always be the same as those of once ....
Once upon a time is the realm ofyesterday             .
Tomorrow never touches the shores of a world ofyesterday ..
Tomorrow never ever comes that way
Yesterday is once and was
Tomorrow is always never been
It is not in the realm of time that passes away       .
This potent equation-symbol points the way
To Omni-Immortality.
         Behold the pre-prophetic symbols
           Ofthe planes of Never
         Behold this This-ness!
           This Is Is-ness.




                                        254

New Horizons

Music Pulsing like a living heartbeat,
Pleasant intuition ofbetter things to come ...
The sight ofboundless space
Reaching ever outward as if in search of itself.
Music spontaneous rapture,
Feet rushing with the wind on a new world
Ofsounds:
Invisible worlds .... vibrations ... tone pictures ..*
A new world for every self
Seeking a better selfand a better world.


Music akin to thought            .
Imagination . . . !
With wings unhampered,
Unafraid          .
Soaring like a bird
Through the threads and fringes of today
Straight to the heart of tomorrow.
Music rushing forth like a fiery law
Loosening the chains that bind,
Ennobling the mind
With all the many greater dimensions
Ofa living tomorrow.




..
 The text to this point was set to music by Arganny Jones as "Tone Pictures",
copyrighted in 1957. Jones was presumably an acquaintance of Sun Ra's, since the
copyright address is Sun Ra's appartment at the time.


                                       255

The No End

Only to be bottomless humble
Is to be bottomlessly cast out
Until there is none to compare
Only to be bottomlessly ignorant
Is to be the other state of ecstasy
That ignorance which is of and to the unknown
And this unknown is of the greater chaos . . . . ...
For chaos is the immeasurable
A design formless as to the idea of form
And of the desire to synchronize to that end
Which is and yet is not the end
Paradox
A synchronization to the infinity .... the infinity ...
The no-end
Cosmic chaos .. .            .




                                     256

The No Point"

The vibrations advance to further consideration .....
                   Consider:
                The invisible vibration
            Word patterns ... formula scheme . . . . .
       Sagas ofconcept enact themselves: Conceive:
           Give reign to thought potentials.
    Out of nowhere they come like embers suddenly aflame
                   With living reach
                       Spiral infinity
                          Being.


    Yes, Out of nowhere they come from the no point
    PurposeIess Cosmanitarian-Guardian-0 ifferentiaIer
    Ofthe die cast by those who gamble
                            With
                Fate's decisions voice.


        A whirlpool of sub-mid-over-transient
              Tone projections-----------------------------


  The vibrations ride on the oceans of the air
     Where rendezvous myth with dream-reality                .
          At the crossroads of Destiny       It is spirit air  .
              The golden silence lingers all around             .
                 It is a festival of soundness
                       Word duplicity
                   Like harmonic .... enharmonic change
              When the person Myth meets the person Reality
  The spirit of the impossible-strange appears
                In dark disguise
    It is always there where nothing inverts itself




lie"No Point" in ancient Greek means u-topos (utopia). See Hartmut Geerken's "No
Point", dedicated to Sun Ra (Leo Records LR330).


                                         257

      And becomes something
Whatever is the imperative need
 Yet different nothings activate themselves
              To become different somethings .
    It is Creations-matrix Diversifier          .




                                258

Nothing Is

At first nothing is;
Then nothing transforms itself to be air
Sometimes the air transforms itself to be water;
And the water becomes rain and falls to earth;
Then again, the air through friction becomes fire.
So the nothing and the air and the water
And the fire are really the same---
Upon different degrees.




                                      259

The Observers

Observer I
I observe
The once I was/and the Is I Am
I be and Observe
The are of me.


Observe We
We observe
The once We were/and the Is WeAre
We be and observe
The are of We




                                260

Of Celestial Cosmo Key

In this age, the invented memory
     Will be used
          As an
  Outerverted radiation point,
            Because
           Inwardly
  The invented memory was secret
            And still is
   To those, who do not wish to learn .....
                     But
    Outwardly, the invented memory
                   Is a
      Celestial Cosmo Key
              To the wisdom
                     Of
        Understanding feeling.
      Life as it is known on planet earth
              At this time is the synonym ofdeath.
     They often walk together hand in hand                    .
    It is imperative to understand that the planes
         Ofexistence on planet earth are primary ..
      Placing them both in the balance
               And leaving the balance as the rest
                        Is a fitting solution : : : : : : : : :
            Solved by bypass intrigue                      .
     Once in the territoty of the non tree
      And the non knowledge ofthe non good
              And the non evil
      Adjustments must be made to reach the omni ...




..
 The original text is in all capitals.


                                           261

Of Coordinate Vibrations

Everything is simple
Ifthe coordinate vibrations coincide          .
Nothing is no,
But no is the inversion of the on.
The sound is of the wind
The wind is not
But the not is the note
And note permutated is tone.
Music is of the epi-cosmic ray point.
It is of mathematical symbolic-permutation.
The epi-cosmic scene can not be seen
By ordinary standard orientation eyes . . . . ..
It is this determination
That reveals it's nature              .
A concentration ... a point of energy
Whence to project, to conceive
To create the nothing of the point.
Music envisions and potentializes,
It limits or extends
It is also of the psychometric endeavor.
The nothing is the whole note ofmusic.
Within that nothing
Is the divisional manifestations
Ofthe elements ofrhythm
And the analyzation quintessence of the melody.
Music is a voice
A differential sound of words.
A grammar and a language
As well as a synthesizer.
It is the reach towards it's twin immortality.




                                      262

OfDays (1972)

I dream
Ofall the days that are not
The never days that belong to me
Of living friends and living home
With laughter round an open hearth


I dream of these
For these days are mine
My treasures beyond compare
They are not and never
But once their image passed me by
And I thought I felt
The touch ofhappiness
Now I know it was
Only a shadow of the real
Projected to a shadow world
Of images and shadows
That moved with lightnin' speed
Into the eternity
Ofthat which they call
The beginning
And yet I see beyond that point
For there is counterpoint and counterpoint
           And counterpoint dimensions dimension
It is music like the music                 .
The music swells to undescribeable sound
          Ofmystic Everness Eternal Beingness
                     Chromatic Rhythms
                     Multi - vision




                                     263

OfDays (1980)

I dream: The never days that belong to me
 Of living friends and living home
   With laughter 'round an open hearth.


I dream of these
 Ofthese
   For these days are mine
    My treasures beyond compare               .
      Are of not and never;
      But once their image passed me by
         And I thought I felt
            The touch of happiness . . . . . .
             Now I know
                It was only a shadow of the real
                  Projected to a shadow world
                   Of images and shadows
                    That moved with light
                       Into the eternity
                         Ofthat which they call
                            The beginning.


                           Still and yet,
                        I see beyond that point . . . . ..
                      For there is counterpoint and counterpoint
                   And counterpoints sub/overtones dimension
                  It is music like the music
              The music swells to undescribeable sound
           Ofmystic evemess Eternal Beingness
          Chromatic multi-vision-melodic-harmonic rhythms.




                                       264

OfEnforced Reality

Surely by now
The world should see
What they think is true
Is not.
For centuries
The world at large
Has not been able to feel
The difference
Between what is untrue
And what is real.
The history of this enforced 'reality'
Is not celestials will to be          .
This realm ofescalating hate
Is not the work of pureness-fate.




                                      265

 .. Of Hidden Tomes*

We speak in hidden tones
Invisible tomes to you
For ifyou
Fully knew            .
It is still problematical
As to what
You would will to be or do . . . . . . . .   .




      ..........~~Cues
                      ..                 .-
*The original text is in all capitals.

                                         266

OfKindred Folks

I am trying to find myself:
Find the idea.from which I sprang;
Find the forest whereof I know it lives,
Find the trees whereof I am alike.
There are no roots for trees on city pavements
In blase minds.
Let me find trees like myself
The same height as I
The same kind as I,
That I might raise my limbs in majesty to the sky
The same as they
Trees of kindred spirit
Trees attuned to me,
Whose leaves rustle with music
To the soft accompaniment of the winds.
Trees who do not dwarf me in any way
Hiding the sunlight from my face;
Trees to whom I am not a giant
Unalike, alien, strange
Casting shadows in their way
Trees that are not scrawny
Malcontent
Inclined to ugliness ..
Trees that are themselves
As I am myself;
Trees that I can always call
My Living Friends.




                                      267

OfNotness

The kingdom of not .....
A realm of myth.
See the mythery
Ofthe non-existent-mystery ...
It is not but yet is ...
It has never been on cosmo--evident-isness
Thus it not of the past
And hence is not of the passed.
Consider the hidden presence of the*
Ofthe kingdom ofnot . . . . . ....
A realm ofangelic-celestial-myth         .
And no one knows where
But still it is yet always there   .


Behold!
   The Celestial enigma
     Ofthat which is not
         But yet always is Is     Like to of
               Isis               .
                Is IS                     .




-
*Might be a typing error.

                                    268

Of The Contemporary Scene '78

First came the songs and scenes ofGo-Go-Go
And unrelated strikes galore.
After that came tremendous snow               .
The snow of '78
Determined greatly the fate
Ofeconomy
And the shape of things to be.
America kept it's date with destiny;
There was no place to hide or flee
Yet and still America's existence
    Is the spiritual mystery.
For although many things of value unnoticed
      Pass by,
Pure and separate from the lie
Ofwhat they call "life"
Which is better called aimless strife
And the treasure-house of wealth
For which they dig is captured--imprisoned death,
Give glory and clap your hands
The miracle of Ameica that it still stands .....
All is not lost!
Some Americans have paid the cost ...
Just a little while and you will see
The key to every mystery           .
First comes the alter-destiny music-cosmo-song ...
Then patterned-roles fall to those
           To whom they belong
 The music issues a call
 It is the omni-answer to it all.




                                       269

Of The Cosmic Blueprints

If it was not slavery---
It was rather complete service to humanity,
Unstinted humble-effort
Foolishness to the world
But bolder and braver
Than any of history's warriors.


If it was not slavery---
It was the activation
Ofthe Cosmic-blueprints ...
Sowing* seeds ofcosmos rare
Casting ever down to ever lift above.


If it was not slavery
It was the freedom not to be
In order to ready for the discipline-plane
From other-greater-worlds.




*In  the Umbra Anthology (1968), this word is "Showing", which seems incorrect. The
Black Fire version and the 1980 version have "Sowing". Also, the Umbra version is the
only one with stanzas.


                                        270

Of The Day That Died

The past always reminds me of the day that died
It shall not come again
Because it dwells in the realm of"been"
And that which has been
Is forever separated from that
Which is to be.




                                    271

Of The Myth

Ofthe myth am I
The name and voice of the outer void.
From the outer nothing
Beyond the enclosed circle of the third heaven
The third heaven: the planet earth
The world deed/act
The world called earth.




                                     272

Of The Planet Earth

Gamma        Gimel      Ge             .
Planet earth is the planet three
Gamma .... Gimel ..... Ge
See the graphs of geography
Gamma ... Gimel ... Ge
Don't forget geology.
Gamma .. Gimel .... Ge
Observe the word tree trinity
The Godhead trio-three
Gamma ... Gimel ... Ge
The third planet .. planet three
Alpha-Beta unity
A+B=3
AB the father ... Hebrew see?
AB the father # 3
Earth and heaven mystery!


Gamma        Gamma            Gimel     Ge
Cursed with guilt where none should be
Gamma        Gimel             Gamma .. Ge    .
Though one, the earth's still planet three.
Permutation of the three .....
Earth is erth ... you plainly see.
Revelation mystery!
Saga deep of planet three!
...... Gamma .. Gamma ... Gimel .... Gee!!!!!!
Ab the orb ... octaveity
Bro to bar infinity                    .




                                      273

Of The Pattern Of Being

I laid on earth
      Pressed my face to the ground
         And felt the pulse of it.
             Arose strong!           .


   Strong!!!
   From the magnetism of its strength.
         Arose and walked away
           With head high
               And shoulders proud . . .
   Proud to have dreamed my dream;
   Proud to have pressed myself
          To the broad solid earth       .
          Alive with living       .
          Alive with dreams
          Alive with all
   Attuned to the song of living
          Alive with all
 That is weaved into the pattern
              Of Being.




                                     274

Of Variable Universe (1972)

When one is primary - young
All the ideas in the world
Converge in counsel
And through disguised declarations
Play upon one's brain
Like fringes upon some tender instrument
Impressionable days of splendor
Electric - naturalness
Flash lightning - touch
Upon the time - negatives
Ofvariable universe
And one feels is not what words express:
The never-plane, the alter-ever-on-out
Inexpressible Infinity




Of Variable Universe (1980)

When one is primary-young,
All the ideas in the world converge in counsel
And through disguised declarations
Play upon one's brain
Like upon fringes of some tender instrument     .
Those years are impressionable ever-days
Oftreasure-splendor
Unfettered ... unknowing innocence


When one is primary-young
Feelings touch like flash-lightning's play
Upon the time negatives of variable universe
The time negatives of variable universe
Time negatives of variable universe
Negatives ofvariable universe
Ofvariable universe
Omni ..... alter ever on
Inexpressible OMNI-INFINITY                  .
OMNI INFINITY                               .


                                      275

Omniverse

Omniverse-
   Is
The totality
   Of
 All the universes
   And you
 Are welcome
      To
   Be citizens
          Of
       The Omniverse




                        276

On

  The Spaceward will take you spacewise/spaceward
A tree to make one wiseward
   Wise/ward
      V's YH's YHST
          Wordward*           wordward
               Alpha/omega
Wardword
   Word ward
      [ward word]**
         inward
            in ward
               outward
                    out ward
                       space
                          Void
A tree to make one wise/wist/wihst
            The spacewise will take you spaceward
               Space word
                Space
                    Nothing
                      infinity
                       Ever outward
                         On and On and On
                             Ontology
                              On
                               On and On, and On and On
                                  Father/Farther+
                                     On
                                       Farther
                                         Farther
                                           Farther On.



                                    _;:us
               ~.-
*This word is omitted in the 1980 version.
**This line is in the 1980 version but not the 1972 version.
+ This line is not in the 1980 version.


                                         277

On Solar Planes

New sounds cause new vibrations
Like ripples on a lake
They branch out from the propulsion
Point ofactivation.
New sounds!
New sound crash the shield of illusion-hypnosis
And one can plainly see
That the 'life' of the world
Is only the manifestation
Ofa particular interpretation.


In the same way
The world is what it is
The way shall be what the
World is to be
All the seeds ofall
Can be assuaged by the equation!
The solar planes
Are the solar planes
Thence fly the solar ones
On solar planes to solar planes.




                                     278

On The Bypass

On the bypass
The narrow way
Above the late earth*
Planes ofcomprehension
Bypast the cycle offormer things.
On the bypass
Ofthe spiral way
The spiral trascends
The misinterpreted things of sin.




..
* In the 1980 version, this word is capitalized and in quotes.

                                          279

On The Edge of the Thin-Between (1972)

Suddenly I awake from sleep
Footsteps pattering on the rim
On the edge of the thin between
I rush to the window
Look down into the streets below
Look out into space
Look fearfully behind me
But there is nothing
I see nothing anywhere
There is no sound
Only the echoes
Ofthat which awoke me
Footsteps pattering on the rim
On the edge ofthe thin between.




On The Edge Of The Thin Between (1980)

Suddenly 1awake from sleep
Footsteps pattering
On the rim          .
On the edge of the thin between.
       1rush to the window
          Look down into the streets below
 . . . . .. Look out into space . . . . . . . .
 . . . . . Look fearfully behind me                   .
But there is nothing;                                .
No sign of what I heard                            .
There is no sound . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Except ... only the echoes of that which awakened me
Footsteps pattering on the rim
On the edge of the thin between.




                                               280

Once Upon A Time (1980)*

Let the centuries be your enlightment
Read your histories
Your history ofoneness
Your history ofonce upon a time
Once upon a time
But before once was nothing
And after once is twice
Never before the once
And twice the presence of never
The pleasant nothing ofnever
For nothing
Nothing is
And nothing from nothing leaves
Nothing
And one from one leaves
Nothing
And two from two leaves nothing
And three from three leaves nothing
And everything from everything leaves nothing
And nothing from nothing inverted leaves
Everything
So ifone sends one
There is nothing
For one from one
Leaves nothing
There is nothing in the never land
OfNever.




             ~.-                    C$UE

 This poem is identical to the last part of"Circle Eternity" (1972).


                                          281

The Order of the Ardor (1972)

The vibrations of the ardor and the order
Are so convincingly alike
Only pure instinct
Can intuite the fine distinction
What is the order of the ardor,
And what is the ardor play
Which symbolizes
The way and the weigh of the order.


A new ardor
Can foundate a new order
As the end
Because the ardor is
The first thought thrust into being.




The Order Of The Ardor (1980)

The vibrations of the ardor and the order
Are so convincingly alike
Only pure instinct can intuite the fine distinction
Between the order of the ardor
And the ardor of the order . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ...
The enigma of the Passion play
Which symbolizes the way of the weigh
And the weigh of the way:
Which is the law of the order.
And the ardor ofthe law and order
On psychic planes of revelation
Concerning the why
Ofthe why
Things are the way they are.
A different order can foundate a different ardor
A different ardor/passion/desire/aim/end
Is necessary to make life harmonious
Sympathetic and beautiful Cosmo-Real.




                                           282

Other Gods Have I Heard Of (1972)

For you
I gave up every thing I never had
For all I never had is the "life" I abandoned
I gave up everything I never had
All my pleasant fancies and dreams
Which concerned only me
All that earth would call a good life
I gave up all this for you
Because my love for you
Is greater than all the worlds
And more immeasurable than the universe
Greater love has no man.
And Greater love has no god than I
For I like my greater love
Am immeasurable
And my words are more than life
And more than death
What else am I than the greater
Myth of all myths.
Other gods have I heard of
But they were not as I
Other gods people have I seen
Accordingly
But they are not as mine.
Other people* gods have I heard of
But they are not as the gods I know.




.,

 Should be perhaps "peoples" as in the revision.


                                       283

Other Gods Have I Heard Of(1980)

For you
I gave up everything I never had;
For all I never had is the life of the life I abandoned
Yes, I gave up everything I never had: --------------
All my pleasant fancies and dreams
Which concerned only me.
All that earth would call a good life,
I bypassed .... I gave up all this for you.
And who is the you, I love so dearly?
Ye pure in heart, It is ye
My love for you is greater than all the worlds
And more in height and depth than the universe.
Greater love has no god than I
For I like my greater love am of the immeasurable                          .
And my words are more than life
And more than death . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
What else am I than the Myth-Impossibility
Yes ... Other gods have I heard of
But they were not as I                   .
Other gods people have I seen,
Accordingly . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
But they are not as mine.
Other peoples gods have I heard of
But they are not like my Eternal Friend
The Omni-Master GOD and his celestial court of Angel gods.




                                                  284

The Other Otherness (1972)

When one understands
There is no ego involved
There is no communication
In the supervised state ofdistances
For we who are
Know we are to is
To be
To rise above an evoluted eternity
To feel our worthless pricelessness
Invaluable similitude
A separate only onliness
Only on
Movement out to behold kindred outerness
An other-otherness
That is not like them
Ifthey are ofa non-similarity vibration




The Other Otherness (1980, version 1)

When one understands
There is no ego involved
When speaks true feelings reach sypathetic touch
Even the farflung worlds of Heaven listens in delight.
For we who are intuitively aware
Know we are to be
To rise above the earth's tomorrowless eternity .....
To feel our worthless pricelessness
Rare similitude             .
On-liness
Only On
Movement out to behold kindred othernesses
Ofand from other worlds
beyond worlds . . . . .    .
 Beyond worlds         beyond worlds beyond worlds . . . . . . . . ..




                                     285

The Other Otherness (1980, version 2)

When one understands through feeling
  There is no gravity geo-captivity
            Communication-point
      Through the earth-ego-involvement desire.
      Thus the supervised state ofdistances,
      And earth-bound limitations
         Are no longer valid.
  The celestial spirit master dwells
         Above and within ....
  For we who are know we are to is . . .
                To be and am
                  We be am
                   To beam-synchronize
                        Within its energy-rays ....
                           To rise above
                                 The
                           Revoluted-eternity      .
             To feel our worthless pricelessness
            Invaluable rare celestial touch
                       To reach
          A separate onliness to own and on.
                  The onness movement out
             To behold kindred otherness
                  Cosmo-mysteries
             Ofan other otherness
             That is not like to or of
                     Their themness
        If they are ofa non-similarity
                  Vibration-intensity.




                                     286

Other Planes Of There (1966)

The displaced years
Memory calls them that
They were never were then;
Memory scans the void
And from the future
Comes the wave of the greater void
A pulsating vibration
Sound span           bridge to other ways and
Other planes of there            .




Other Planes Of There (1972)

The displaced years
Memory calls them that
They were never were then;
Memory scans the void
And from the future
Comes the wave of the greater void
[A]* pulsating vibration
Sound bridge and span
To other ways
And other planes
Ofthere.




..    .........-.-
               "'~c=-                .-
 This word is in B but not in A.


                                      287

Other Planes Of There (1980)

The displaced years
   Memory calls them that.
     They were never was then            .
       Memory scans the void
         And from the future
          Comes the wave of the greater void
           A pulsating vibration
            A sound span and bridge
               To other ways
                    other planes of there.




                                    288

The Other Side OfMusic (1972)

Some music is of specialized interpretation.
Some music is of synchronization precision.
Every light is a vibrational sight and sound:
It is rhythm in harmony with beam/rays/intensification
and projection visibility.
Music is light and darkness ... precendent
ofvitality ... stimulation extraordinary
Equational harmonic differential pause prelude
to the sound that is on its way ...
EVERY PLACE THERE IS IS MUSIC. CHAOS
IS MUSIC AND HARMONIOUS PEACE IS MUSIC
What direction does it: decides the way until ...
Silence is music.
There are different kinds of silences:
each silence is
A world all its own.
In a lesser but not least important sense,
Silence is an integral part of all music:
in a fractional sense,
When judged metrically.
We must not forget transposition.
Transposition always results in a
change ofcolor.
Behold the vastness of music,
It is as vast as the greater allness
and the greater nevemess ...
And too music in its meta-phases
must not be ignored.
Are you thinking of metaphysics
alone? Well, don't.
In the future (and even as of Now),
you will have to contend with and
recognize METAMENTAL and METASPIRIT:
also you will come face to face with
oblique METATHESIS.




                                       289

The Other Side OfMusic (1980)

Some music is of specialized interpretation;
Some music is of synchronization precision
Every light is a vibrational sight and sound ...
And every dark is a vibrational sight and sound ..
It is rhythm in harmony with beam/rays
Intensification and projection visibility           .
Music is lightness and darkness
Precedent ofvitality ... stimulation extraordinary
Stimulation extraordinary              .
Equational harmonic differential pause prelude
Prelude to the sound that is on its way        .
Every place there is ... there is music       .
Chaos is music and celestial hannonius
And celestial harmonius peace is music ....
What direction does it: decides the way until ...
Silence is music too ....
There are different kinds of silences ....
Each silence is a world all its own
Thus:
      In a lesser but not least important sense,
      Silence is an integral part of all music ...
      When thought of in the micro-fractional way.


  We must not forget transposition.
  Transposition always
  Is a change ofcolor.
  Behold the vastness of music
              It is the greater allness approach ...




                                         290

Other Thoughts (1972)

Now and then I pause
From the hectic pace
This timeless role
Now and then
 . And scan the faces that I see
 .. Look in the eyes of them
    Searching for the common touch
      The anti-oath-like bonds
        The other parts of me.


Now and then tiring of what they call reality
Bruised and beaten by its force
I step into the friendly city of the forest
Ofwhat they call illusion
There to tend my wounds
And heal them
With the light nin'* touch
Ofbalanced thought
And the splendid comradeship of other worlds .....




      ............~Cuaa   .               .-
* Given as " lightnin' " in all subsequent versions.

                                          291

The Outer Beyond

Without from the outer-beyond
Comes the yearning
An un-named desire
Intense, persistent desireless desire ...
A space whirlpool of wisdom-sounds
Intensifying the point to which I activate ...
Within from without
Comes lightning - like
A fire-rain of thoughts            .


Rare sentiment
And untouched feeling of images . . . . . .
Abstract images of another time
Another time yet to be
OfCosmo-deep infinity
Omni-alter-outer way
Is the password for today.




                                       292

The Outer Bridge (1965)

In the half-between world
Dwell they the tone-scientists
Sound
Mathematically precise
They speak ofmany things
The sound-scientists
Architects ofplanes of discipline




The Outer Bridge (1972)

In the half-between world
Dwell they, the sound-scientists
Mathematically precise         .
They speak of many things
The tone scientists
Architects of planes of discipline.




The Outer Bridge (1980)

In the half-between world,
Dwell they: The tone scientists        .
In notes and tone
They speak of many things . . . .     .
The tone scientists:
Architects of planes ofdiscipline.
Mathematically precise are they:
The tone-scientists.




                                    293

The Outer Darkness (1972, version 1)

Black is space: THE OUTER DARKNESS
the void direction to the heavens.
Each spaceport planet is a heaven/haven.
Planet earth is erth (permutation
thre/three), (it is a planet #3 from the sun)
From this reckoning is" is the third heaven.
The music ofthe outer darkness is
the music of the void.
The opening is the void: but the
opening is synonym to the
beginning.
This is an indication interpretation.
. . . Some music is of specialized
interpretation ...
. . . Some music is of synchronization
precision         .
Sometimes music becomes more than
music. And this thought reach
is of the incredible plane.




       .........-..
                '-~Cw:=z                 -
                                        .

* In D this text is corrected to read "From this reckoning/Planet earth is the third
heaven".


                                        294

The Outer Darkness (1972, version 2)

Intergalactic music is ofthe Outer Darkness
Therefore it is of the greater Blackness
And from that point of view
It is Black Infinity
And from that point of view
It is Natural Black Music .
. . . It is the music of Natural-Black Infinity         .
It is unlimited in scope
Immeasurable in it's multiplicities and potentialities.
Natural Black music projects the myth of Blackness
And he who is not Black in spirit will never know
That these words are true and valid forever.
I speak ofdifferent kind of Blackness, the kind
That the world does not know, the kind that the world
Will never understand
It is rhythm against rhythm in kind dispersion
It is harmony against harmony in endless coordination
It is melody against melody in vital enlightenment
And something else and more
A living spirit gives a quickening thought.




                                        295

                      OUTEll.           u s n c s t s s
             lniLIVJaloc.t.i..c mu.4ic .u 01 tJu. outlUl dwtIutU4
          ThulL/OILI!. it i..4  01 the. t}Jl.eahut VO~Ladu1~44
        And lItO,. that point of. vil!JAJ:
       렁렁렁렁 텶t     .u Blaek-In/ir..itJ.J"
     렁렁렁렁렁렁And        tAo.   that point    ot     uiew:
   렁렁렁렁렁렁렁텶t i4 CO~atune'4mu4ic렁 렁
        텶t .u the I1ILUi..c of. ~lI.aJ"..dportto.ruwU6 In/i.ni..tJ.}
       렁렁It i4 unli.it~d'in ~CDP~렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁
     I tRml'.Q.4U/l.eaUi! Ln it'.d IllU.Ui.plic.-i..ti..u and potenLi.a.tiLi..u.
     Natu/lD..l daJlk-Uadt tnU.d.i.c. fVWj.e.eL6 t.Ae -".th    ot
                                                                   lWeA  1.6
     And he who      .u  not dallk in 4pi.JU.;t wi-U nevLll kn.oIAJ
     That tll.e.de wo/1d4    lUte. tAue and uaLi.d to/UWIUI..      .
    1 ~ 01. a di././.tulvd lUnd 01- UacJuaLU,
     The kind. that tJu. WOII.Jd does not: knOlAJ렁렁렁렁렁렁
     Thil. kind that tJu. woJt1d. will nWeIl urad.tuL4tand.
     렁렁렁It     u Jthyi.hm ag.a1.n,4t  ~ In lUnd.cJ..UplVluon,
   렁렁렁1t .u hwunoruJ agai.n4.t haN40ny in ~4 coond.inat.e
  렁렁 텶t iA fIlLt.DdJJ ag.a..ir14t mfl..lodJ; in. daJlk-enU.fJhtenmvd
 렁렁렁1t L6 Ncduee:'.6 uo.iae .in. C04RlO-Sound
렁렁 텶t .u thl!. IWllAIJthi.ng. and t1ul. 6UUlJl noth.i.ng.
                           Of. O""u-AU
.::::it L6 t1ul. We.Jl rpLiclle.ni.ng-pIlul!JlCJ! 01 The. UuintJ. SpUr,il
 렁 It ,U .tiLe C04l1U)-lJU..dg.e to t1ul. DWIk l1nIutaJn. 즇urnal
  렁렁렁렁렁렁렁
   .................
       렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁
                렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁
                      렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁
                               렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁
                                            렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁
                               렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁
                      렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁
                 렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁
         렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁
   렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁
 렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁




                                       296

Parallels (1970)

If it is not here
It must be there
For somewhere and nowhere
       Parallels
In versions ofeach other .... where
Or even before something came to be




Parallels (1972)

If it is not here
It must be there
For somewhere and nowhere
Parallels
In versions of each other
Where/when nothing after someting is not
Or even before something came to be.




Parallels (1980)

If it is not here,
It must be there:
For somewhere and nowhere parallels
In secret versions of each other's where
Or even before somethings came to be.




                                     297

The Past is a Dream (1972)

The past is a dream
A fictitious fantasy devised
By some sardonic kindly mind
In the hope that we might see
The meanings of today and all it's possibilities
And that in our gratitude
We would not live in such a way
That we should retrogress
To all the mean lowliness
Ofour imagined yesterdays.
The past is some fictitious thing
A one dimension fantasy
Made to be or seem to be ... . In the hope that we might see
Beyond the scene of shadow-past
Yes to see, we must to see
The Living beauty sympathy,
The greater Alter-universe
Is just the place where we should be.
This present dream is not the thing
This dream we will that it not be
This one dimension fantasy.




                                     298

The Past Is Like A Dream (1980)

The past is like a dream                .
A fictitious fantasy devised
By some sardonic kindly mind . .                       .
In the hope that we might see
The meanings of today and all it's possibilities;
And that in our gratitude,
We would not live in such a way
That we should retrogress
To all the mean lowliness
Ofour imagined yesteryears.
The past is a fabrication-thing
Some fictitious one-dimension fantasy                     .
Made to be or seemed to be real,
In the hope that we might see
With intuition vision's-eye
Beyond the shadow scenes ofyesterdays.
Yes to see             we must to see
The living beauty sympathy                  .
. . . . The greater Alter-Universe is just the place
Where we should be . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ....
This earth-bound dream
Is illusions child                    .
A strong delusion
A one-dimension fantasy.




                                            299

The Pivoting Planes (1972)

When the word was spoken,
IT WAS BALANCED ON THE
             PIVOTING PLANES OF SOUND,
When it was written, it reflected one plane of sight
             And the triple meaning with its multi-divisions
Was no longer apparent,
             Because the meaning of the balanced word
      on the PIVOTING PLANES
                                        cannot be written as revealingly as it
                         can be thought ofand felt
                     Because the idea of the PIVOTING PLANES
                            is like a touch of vibrating magic
                                     And the magic is the wisdom-ignorance
                                                   Ofunspeakableunderstanding
                                                           intuition.
T h u s  is    the      ide a      ofthe PIVOTING PLANES
            ofthe
                 greater impossible
                            and the
             Imeasureable
                             equation
                    SPACE-VOID
                                   reality
                                     on
                                     the
                                     outer reach
                                            ofthe unending
                                                   On
                                                      o NNE    S S "0       N."




                                       300

The Pivoting Planes Of Sound (1980)

When the word was spoken,
It was balanced on the pivoting planes of sound       .
When it was written,
It reflected one plane of sight.
Thus the triple meaning with it's multi-divisions
              was no longer apparent;
                       Because
    The meaning of the balanced word
            On the pivoting planes
                 Cannot be written as revealingly
                   As it can be
                      thought ofand felt
                         Because
                   The idea ofthe pivoting planes
                 Is like the touch of vibrating magic
            And the magic is the wisdom-ignorance
         Of unspeakable understanding intuition        .
Thus is the idea of the pivoting planes
       Ofthe greater impossible and the equation-enigma
                   Reality-Void.




                                       301

The Place Of The Searching I

Wherever they are going
I will not go there
Whatever they are being
I will not be where
I seek the beist reach
The place ofthe searching I
There is nothing more to anything but nothing
There is nothing more to nothing but anything
Everywhere and everything
Anything and nothing.




                                    302

The Plane: Earth

Every planet is a small plane
In the universe
Planet means
Small plane
When considered
According to a certain standard


Every plane is a plane" T
Planet three is Plane T three
T, then, is a symbol for the plane earth.




*In Omni Press versions ofthis poem, this word isgiven as "plan", which isprobablya
misprint.


                                        303

Planes Of Nature (1972)

Ifthey would rise above their wisdom
They could see nature as it is
And they would understand
That there are planes of nature
Greater than the plane they know.
All around them
Are the other measure
To the other wisdom-ignorance-myth.




Planes Of Nature (1980)

If they would rise up above their knowledge
They would be able to see with their intuition's-heart
They would be able to see beyond their sight
Their spirit's eye could pierce the night
Where earth dwells in hooded shame
Yes, earth was once a noble name.
If they would rise up above their yes-bound self
They would know the things to no . . . . . . . . . .
Then they would see nature as it is
And at long last they would feel
The touch of Cosmo-Real
And they would know that they know they know
That there is no need to know,
If you cannot feel.




                                      304

Point

There is a point
Where nothing is everything
Where everything is seemingly nothing
On a diminished plane
That is the point.
I saw the point
Where I could not accept
The world
And I could not accept
It
I saw the point
Where I stood
At the crossroads
Ofthe world ofwords
The point where I stood
Where I stood astonished at the moving distance
Ofdestiny
And I determined a determination-potential.




                                    305

[Point Equal Aim]*

 = aim
 = end
 = period
 = time
 = era
 = age
 = cycle




* Recited by Hartmut Geerken on Leo Records CD "No Point" (LR330).

                                     306

Points On The Space Age (1957)

This is the music of greater transition
To the invisible irresistible space age.
The music of the past will be just as tiny in the world of the future
As earth itself is in the vast reach of outer space.
Outer space is big and real and compelling
And the music which represents it must be likewise.
The music of the future is already developed
But the minds of the people of earth must be prepared to accept it.
The isolated earth age is finished
And all the music which represents only the past
Is for museums of the past and not for
The moving panorama of the outer spacite program.




                                        307

Points Of The Space Age (1984)*

THE SPACE AGE CANNOT BE AVOIDED.


The gr[elater future is the age of the space prophet
The scientific airy minded second man.
The prince of the power of the air.
The air is music.
The music is power.
The power of the past was its music.
The greater power of the future greater
     is its greater music.


Greater music is art.
Art is the foundation of any living culture.
Living culture is skilled culture
Skilled beautifulness, aim and care
And love of beauty is the only way to produce art.


Skilled culture is the new weapon of nations,
The new measure of determination as to whether a nation
Is ready to be a greater nation is art.
A nation without art is a nation without a lifeline.
Art is the lifeline because art is the airy concept
Of greater living. It is the airy foundation of the airy
Kingdom of the future.


TOMORROW BEYOND TOMORROW IS THE GREATER KINGDOM.




      ..........-..                       -
                '~                 Cc=z .

*This version was given to Salah Ragab in Egypt in 1984. The earlier version ofthis
poem is "The Space Age Cannot Be Avoided" (1957).


                                         308

The Potential (1965)

Beyond other thoughts" and other worlds
are the things that seem not to be
And yet are.
How impossible is the impossible,
Yet the impossible is a thought
And every thought is real
An idea, a flash of potent fire
A seed that can bring to be
The reality of itself.
Beyond other thoughts and other worlds
Are the potentials ...
That hidden circumstance
And pretentious chance
Cannot control.



The Potential (1972)

Beyond other thoughts and other worlds
Are the things that seem not to be
And yet are.
How impossible is the impossible
Yet the impossible is a thought
And every thought is real
An idea, a flash of intuition's fire
A seed of fire that can bring to be
The reality of itself.
Beyond other thoughts and other worlds
Are the potentials ...
That hidden circumstance
And pretentious chance
Cannot control.




      ............~4$&2
                      ..               .-
 Simpkins quotes incorrectly "things".


                                       309

The Potential (1980)

Beyond other thoughts and other worlds
Are the things that seem not to be
And yet are.
How impossible is the impossible
Yet the impossible is a word; a thought
A thought           .
And every thought is real
An idea .... a flash of intuition's fire:
A seed of fire that can bring to be
The reality
Of it's self.
Beyond other thoughts and other worlds
Are the potentials
That hidden circumstance
And pretentious chance
Cannot control.




                                       310

Precision Fate

Too soon or too late
Is not the way-----
Precision fate
Is achievement done ...
Precision fate
Is victory won;
Too soon or too late
Is not the way
When precision fate rules thus to say.


Different nations are really different notions
The alpha-omega equation is the code word-foundation
ofthis statement.
A notion is an idea
Every nation is really an idea
Every apparent thing is a living idea
Nature is an idea
The nature ofa person is the vibration-idea or
Code of which a person is.
The nature ofa thing
Is the property ofa thing
Property is nature's place.




                                       311

Preface

When I speak of wisdom
Differentiate                     .
Behold!
One wisdom is the experience and the theory
Ofthe earth "life" you have known:
The earth tradition, the Life of man.
And the other wisdom
Is the wisdom from another plane
Of being                       .
The other wisdom leads to Other Dimensions.




                                     312

Prepare For The Journey (1980)*

This is the space-age . . . . .      .
The age beyond the earth-age
A new direction
Beyond the gravitation of the past;
This is the disguised twin of tomorrow
Striking upon the earth with relentless power
Like a perpetual whip.
This is the space age . . . . . ....
Prepare for the journey;
You have a rendezvous
With the living wisdom
Ofthe unadulterated fate.
Prepare for the journey             .
 Like a happy child,
 You will step out ofthe pages
 Ofthe blinding blend ofthe book ....
 And gaze astounded at the endless space
 Ofthe cosmos-void.
 Your new course is the cosmic way
 Your new vehicle is the cosmic plane.
 You will learn to live the cosmo-way
 You will learn to journey with courage ....
 With fiery-aim
 To reach the splendour days
 Ofthe even greater tomorrow ofthe Cosmo-age.




.,

 Two other versions ofthis poem are found under the title "The Cosmic Age".


                                       313

[The Primary Enigma]*

The primary enigma is the being and the been as
to differential relationship ...
That which been: isn't
And that which be: is


These are the words ofthe future
From the cosmic law
Ofthe united worlds.
That tum like jewels in the eternal sky
Thus it is spoken and thus it is.




* This poem without title appears at the end of a short essay by Sun Ra titled
"Comments and Poetry by Sun Ra" which was printed in an EI Saturn Research
pamphlet c.1978, and on the Song of the Stargazers LP jacket.


                                       314

Primary Lesson: The Second Class Citizens (1968)

The second class is the second grade
And the second grade is the second dimension
of learning: Another phase ofwisdom.


The second grade is the root of the
secondary education .....
The secondary education is the
Higher form of wisdom,
The magnificent and advanced precept.
It is given as the Secondary Word
From the Secondary God
To the secondary citizens of the


Second Class.
To "on" the advance is to "own" the advance.
The Advance Prophet transcends the
Law concerning "A prophet."




                                    315

Primary Lesson For Second Class Citizens (1972)

The second class is the second grade
And the second grade is the second dimension
Of learning another phase ofwisdom.


The second grade is the root of the secondary education.
The secondary education is the higher form of wisdom,
The magnified and advanced precept.
It is given as the secondary word from the secondary to the secondary
This is the idea of the second woo.


To On the advance is to Own the advance.


There is no honor that earth can give to express in words or deeds
To compensate for heralded shame.
The earth itself is cursed, they say ....
The earth itself is cursed?
It's principle is dishonor then
Because it's principle is dishonorable
And it's principle is of the former things:
So that is why the glory it has given
Has been dishonor, because the glory of fame
Ofthe earth is dishonor even ofthe symbol of itself.
What price glory?
What glory is the price!
What a glory is the grace, what a grace, the glory is.




                                       316

Prophecy

Advancements will be made
But it is to be ofother dimensions
These advancements are beyond the measured.
They are advancement
It is outside as advancement always is.
The eternity/cycle/age code is circle
Return again according to the record
Repetition ofthe mirror existence
Yes, outside of the shadow world
Advancement shall be made
With giant strides
And lightning comprehension
Potential realization.




                                     317

The Pure Sound

If you're not pure
Then you're not sound
Pure is real sincerity       .
And pure knows pure
Is sound and more than true.
Pure music is what you must face . . . ..
It's all what the music say ofyou;
It's not what the music you say of it.
If education systems fail,
It is not pure music's fault       .
In educations sanctuaries
Perhaps pure music still is not allowed.
If governmental systems fail        .
It is not pure music's fault
In government sanctuaries, too .....
Pure music has no department berth.


Listen deeply to this and cogitate:
It is sound .... sound ... sound
That makes the body sound . . . ..
  It is sound .... sound .... sound
  That makes the sound mind sound
It is sound .... sound ... sound ... sound
That makes the spirit besound ..
    A sound foundation is the key
    To locked-door fate's eternity ...
    It is sound and sound again
    That makes the voice of silence heard.




                                      318

The Quiet (1972)

Be quiet and speak not
Tho' yourself be wisdom incarnate
Be quite
Tho' your mond* be a roaring torrent of thought
Speak no more
Even when it is asked ofyou
Yes, be silent
Unless you speak in hidden meanings
And infinite timeless
Infinite phrases
Then those who are of intrinsic resemblance will understand (and only those);
For the attunement of souls
and the attainment of friendly-brother friends
Is on the steppes of spirituel-worlds
A steppe, a step
A plain, dimension/plane.




*Though this word and the "quite" in the previous line may be typos, they mayalso be
intentional. "Mond", for instance, may be a play on the French "monde", meaning
world. But given the corrections in the 1980 version, it seems more likely that they are
typos.


                                         319

The Quiet (1980)

   Be quiet and speak not,
    'though yourself be wisdom incarnate            .
  Be quiet                .
   'though your mind be a roaring torrent ofthought.
 Speak no more
   Even when it is asked ofyou.
Yes be silent -----------------
 Unless you speak in hidden meanings
    Infinite timeless phrases;
Then those of intrinsic resemblance will feel
 And understand                Yes     Only those!
  For the attunement of souls
    And the attainment of
      Friendly-Brothership
        Is spirituel
           Eternally without compare              .




                                    320

Rare Is

You drink in the beauty ofall that is rare
All that can be never again
Not ever in the spiral-potentials of the Eternal Myth
Dwells there more than the only rare
Not even ever even of remembrance
Is there the duplicate of the only one
              rare is




                                       321

Re

Back in the backness of the blackness of the earth-black
               blackness backness
Back back in the backness re eternity-realm
               once-backness
I found blackness once was not the same as
               twice blackness duality
                  I found
Thence decree was always was decree was I found
Their whole "life" through is nothing else but----------
Once - once - once - once was
An eternity eternal limitation outside of which
Everything else is nothing
Whence? why?
It is the decree from the world ofonce
It is not of the outer - greater worlds which are always is
But never once
For reflection is reflection
Thus there is the twiceness
Out to nothing
Out to 0
Out tu a
Out two
Thus the twiceness reflection image im-niess-i-ness
A small one is equal to
Where is the where of when-ness then-ness
And why ofthe once is not the twice?
Ifness nonness isness
Ones is twice and it is
But one is once for ones is not the same as one's.
Over it is, ones is twice for it is two.




                                        322

"Reality has touched against myth,,*

Reality has touched against myth
Humanity can move to achieve the impossible
Because when you've achieved one impossible the others
Come together to be with their brother, the first impossible
Borrowed from the rim ofthe myth
Happy Space Age To You ....




*This  poem appeared in the July 1969 Esquire with many other statements and poems
by other celebrities for the occasion ofthe moon landing. The participants were asked to
submit a statement that the astronauts should give when they set foot on the moon. Sun
Ra is called here "Sun-Ra (the space-age jazz poet)".


                                          323

The Realm Of Myth (1972)*

A myth among other things
Is basically in the category of an idea
The vibration-radiation of an idea
Activates itself manifested synchronization..


A lie among other things
Is basically in the category of a myth.


The myth is of images,
Because the myth and that which is of the myth
Is the activator of unlimited imagination
-----------Parallel to or more--------------
Synchronized to that which is not.


Everything is of a particular science
And myth is no exception.
Witness: 'Science-fiction'
And the manifestation of its self
To a living what is called reality
Or so-called reality.


As a science Myth has many dimensions
And many degrees.
Tomorrow is said to be a dimension of myth
Or even the very realm of myth itself


When it is said that
'Tomorrow never comes',
Thus when we speak of the future,
We speak ofa lie,
Because the future is tomorrow
And tomorrow never comes.



       .........       ..
                '~                 ..... .-
*The 1980 version is identical except that the 1st and 4th stanzas are switched.

                                          324

Resist Mel (1980)*

     Resist me--------------
     Make me strong!
     Resist me
     Make me strong!
     For since
     I cannot be what you will ..
     I will lean that much more
     Toward what I will                    .
     Resist me---------------
     Repulse my dreams!
Thus is a spark brought from nothing . . ..
Stone rubbed against stone
on the thirsty grass
 Dried and baked by a burning sun,
      Then suddenly: flame!
 Flame feeding flame!
   Now, nothing is the same ...
   The stones are blackened;
       The grass is ashes . . . . ..
The pitiless sun is no less itself ...
     But nothing is the same
          As before                          .






* For an earlier version ofthis poem, see "Saga ofResistance".

                                        325

Revolving Spheres (1972)*

Revolving spheres
Revolving spheres
Ornamented tinkling glass


Burnished gold and bronze
Remembrance .....
Ah, to remember
Thought thought creatures
They are not of the earth-born
They are air-borne
Of sound and words
Flex their wings
Rush and run to and fro
Observing man
Observing man!


Thought thought creatures
Intellect unsurpassed by the earth-man
Laugh in their folded wings
Laugh in their leisure journey ..... constantly watching,
Constantly observing
Man.
Night and day.
They are of the between-world
Thought creatures of the between world
Not of this world




      ..........'-~Cuz=a
                    ..               .-
*The 1980 version ofthis poem has the first two stanzas only.

                                     326

Not of any visible world
But another world-plane-dimension
Unbeknownst world
Fantastic, they say
Impossible,
And all the while, the anxious creatures
Watch ...
Flex their wings
Pulling strings,
influencing the emotions,
The affairs of man.
These thoughts
           sometimes
                  they flex their wings
                      sail toward the dawn
                            sail toward the past
Move back and forth in time
Move back and forth
In dimensions
Superb Intellect
All the creatures
They always are
Long before man they are
Yet few men know of their existence
Few men pause to wonder
At their marvelous power
Their potent ever immortality
Their constant reiteration
that there are differentials of Evil
and some evils come from God.




                                        327

The Ridiculous I (1972)

A touch of the ridiculous I
cry!    cry!     cry!
o touch ofthe ridiculous I
Hear!   Hear!     Hear! ... wilderness here
See and feel and know
The ridiculous I and the Cosmos me!




The Ridiculous I (1980)*

A touch of the ridiculous I
Cry!    Cry!      Cry!
0, touch ofthe ridiculous I
Hear!    Hear!      Hear!
Ye Wilderness here
See and feel and know
The ridiculous I
And the Cosmos me.




*Recited by Sun Ra on the Saturn LP "The Antique Blacks",

                                     328

The Rose Will Bloom

The rose will bloom
             The broken bowl
                   Will never know
                       The perfect self
                      It once was shaped.
                  And though the heavens
                Are as far from man
                    As all the past,
              They are not lifeless
                    Or insensitive
               As one would think . . .....
           Seeing they are so distant;
     Even as the past knows all the ways
       Knows all the ways of man,
            So the vast
               And
   Timeless firmament knows:
And being what is is,
It bides that we should search
   For celestial-cosmo-truth of myth;
 That we should know at last
     Our true worth and insignificance
  In proximity to the
          Endless-Eternal Myth           .




                                      329

Saga OfResistance (1966)*

Resist me -------
Make me strong.
Resist me -------
Make me strong.
For since I cannot be what you will
I shall always be that much more so
What I will.
Resist me -------
Repulse my dreams
Thus is a spark brought from nothing ....
Stone rubbed against stone
Upon the thirsty grass,
Dried and baked by a burning sun**             .
Then suddenly: flame.
Flame feeding flame.
. . . Now, nothing is the same:
      The stones are blackened -------
      The grass is ashes
       The burning is still no less itself
        But all else is changed
        Nor ever shall be at it was before.




       ...........~-...u.-
                  -..                   .-
*For a later version, see "Resist Me".
**The version in Black Fire (1968) has this word as "son".

                                        330

[The Satellites are spinning]

The satellites are spinning
A new day is dawning
The galaxies are waiting
For planet Earth's awakening.


Oh we sing this song to
A brave tomorrow.
Oh we sing this song to
Abolish sorrow.


The satellites are spinning
A better day is breaking
The galaxies are waiting
For planet Earth's awakening.




                                331

The Scale Of Nothingness

There came a whirl
And a throb in the spirit of the air
And the wind spoke to me .....
"Every part of me is the essence of life ..
I came out from beyond
The comprehension ofearth
There is no map of my realm.
My haven is the threshold and the Kingdoms
of the universe.
I live and dwell
As the scale of nothingness
For I am nothing
But I am power
And I am life itself."
Thus spoke the wind to me . . . . . . . . . . .
While I listened to the music of the spheres.




                                        332

The Seal

A sealed book is not only
  That which is shut or closed
    Or hidden
       In a concealed place,
         A sealed book is one that is sealed
          With a seal ofauthority
             With the stamp of approval.




                                    333

The Second Son

"The second son shall stand in his stead,"
The second
Is of the second dimension:
Celestial reach to teach of learning
Another phase beyond occult to Omni-revelation.
Educ is the duce
 And the duce is the second of the secondary
   The secondary education
      Is the higher form of wisdom . . . . . . . ..
       Ofheavenly descent ascent outwardly intent
          Magnified and advanced beyond all else.
                 The code word is On . . . . . . .
  ... To on the advance is to own it!
From the Educ comes the edict
 And from the edict comes the educ
    Thus:
 The edict-cation
     Is the education                            .




                                      334

The Self Of Negation

   The selfofcomplete negation
        Is the point of no-ing oneself.
   Death is semi-negation:
   Life is semi-negation .....
Together they make a positive aspect
When they are joined in at-onement            .
The onement of life and death is the end     .
And that is that particular weigh
Ofthe first shall be the last
Because the first is the one
And the beginning being the first is the end ..
          Which is the last            .
That is the point: the aim or the end
       Ofthe seekers of life:
Because life according to the accordingly
Is the betrothed of death;
  And their rendezvous
       Is continuous.
 Beyond the veil of the rendezvous
    The express-image of cosmo-ultra-light
       Leaps to other places in the sky.




                                      335

The Self Of Others

I do not question right
I do not question wrong
I only question questions . . . . . . ....
Because the answers
Speak for themselves                     .
There is nothing hidden
To the unveiled eye;
If you can see yourself
You can see the selfof others




                                         336

Se'fRadiation

One day you will walk where I have walked;
Yet where I have walked,
I have walked seemingly in vain
And seemingly too all alone                 .
Do not think I do not care         .
I do . . . and that is the why of the Cosmo I,
The Omni-me myth mystery
Differentialed darkness dark sayings upon a harp .....
The essence why of the why I am
A lonely weigh ... a lonely path ... a lonely way
Uncharted dimension-strange duality to that which is .....
Yes, a lonely path I came to walk
More than the word itselfcould ever describe;
Yet          do not despair
For myself is a many-multi-self
And along the way
I have left an alter-self-radiation
That will make it's presence known
As you walk the way
To the place of the celestial weigh            .




                                        337

The Shadow Of The Fire (1966)

The vibrations ofthe sounds seem the same
But the meaning of the sounds
Take separate directions
At the crossroads
ofthe Cosmic-point ofthe arrow . . .
Beyond this Age
Through the darkness of the light years
And the light years of the darkness
Is the pure light of the pure darkness
And the pure darkness of the pure light.
The light is as the darkness
Because the light is the image
And the shadow of the fire.




The Shadow Of The Fire (1972)

The vibrations of the sounds seem the same
But the meanings of the sounds
Take separate directions
At the crossroads
Ofthe cosmic-point ofthe arrow.


Beyond this age
Through the darkness of the light years
And the light years of the darkness
Is the pure light of the pure darkness
And the pure darkness of the pure light
The light is as the darkness
Because the light is the image
And the shadow of the fire.




                                      338

The Shadow Of Tomorrow

Today is the shadow oftomorrow
Today is the present future of yesterday
Yesterday is the shadow oftoday.
The darkness of the past is yesterday,
And the light of the past is yesterday.
The days ofyesterday are all numbered and summed in the
    word "once;"
Because "once upon a time there was a yesterday."
Yesterday belongs to the dead,
Because yesterday belongs to the past.
The past is yesterday.


Today is the prevue of tomorrow, but for me, only from a
    better and happier point of view.
My point of view is the thought of a better, untried reality.
Yesterday is eternity, the eternity ofyesterday is dead.
Yesterday is as one, the eternity of one is the eternity of the past.
The past is once upon a time, once upon a time is past, the past
    is yesterday.


The light of the past is the light which was,
The wisdom ofthe past is the light of the past;
The light of the future is the light which is to be,
The wisdom of the future is the light of the future.


Yesterday belongs to the dead, tomorrow belongs to the living.
The past is certified as the finished product, anything which is
    ended is finished.
That which is perfect is finished, the perfect man is no exception
    to the rule.
The perfect man of the past is made according to the rule of the
    past.
The rule of the past is the law of injustice and hypocrisy.
The revelation of the meaning ofthe law is revealed through the
    law itself.


The wisdom of the past is the light of the past
The light which is to be is the wisdom of the future
The light of the future casts the shadow of tomorrow.

                                       339

Sins Of Not When*

What myth am I?
They? You?
Him
Us                we
What
How
Which
Where
And
That
So
If
Those
Then
Me
Them
Why?
What myth yet
Too
He
It
Her
All
Since
Of
Not
When.




     ............~~ -.-
                               -~.
*This was 1980 retitled "OfNot When". Recited by Malachi Favors Maghostut on the
Leo Records CD "No Point" (LR330).


                                     340

The Skilled Way

Being is the attribute or derivative of
The root-word "be".


. . . . Art is the skilled way ... the skilled weigh
Because it is the weigh of skill ....


Art is the principle of the potential of
The mind and the principle of the natural-real
Being on the advanced plane/view of
The alter reality.
The alter-reality is of the angelic-revelation.
This reason (angelic) sometimes takes
The form ofwheels of light and when these
Wheels of light begin to tum,
Particular dimensions of power are generated
Into the mind-spirit of those
Whose mind-spirits are tuned to the sound of
The voice of the wheels.


Then again, the alter-reality magnifies itself
To be the light of the Cosmos.
The Cosmos is the ever Eternal or the never
Ending immeasureable. That immeasureable
Beingness ofthe Cosmos is abstract art
Beyond compare.
. . . . The vibrating synonym of/for IS, AM, ARE, BE
And Eternal is ON. The poetical word for are is
Art. Art is IS. To this very day the LORD'S
Prayer reads: "Our father which art in heaven"




                                         341

Some Tomorrow (1972)*

Some tomorrow-the potential word
Not the same tomorrow's tomorrow of today
But a greater far-reaching
Living design
Beyond the limit of that which only always was.
Some tomorrow
That we know we own
That is on the way
To other mountains,
Even mountains beyond
The mountains of this one earth.
Mountains ofother dimensions
Other planes and planets.


Some tomorrow
Not the same tomorrow
Not the same tomorrow
That is still the past
Disguised under other names;
No, not that tomorrow
But some other better tomorrow,
That never came before ...
Some rare-myth-fiction of outer-thought
Adventure is




*Another version from 1973 is called "From Tomorrow".

                                      342

Some Tomorrow (1980)*

  Some tomorrow
   Not the same yesterday's tomorrow
     That now they call today.
Some other tomorrow's tomorrow
    Living Cosmo design ofOmni-Evemess
     Beyond the limit of that which only always was;
 Some tomorrow that we know we own.
   Some tomorrow that is on it's way to other mountains;
    Even mountains beyond
     The mountains of this one earth            .
        Mountains of other planes
          Other dimensions and planets.
  Some tomorrow, not the same yesterday's tomorrow
   No! ..... Not the same tomorrow of the past:
   The recurring oath-sword-cycle curse
     Not that same false-tomorrow
        That is still the past disguised under other names.
          No!
           Not that tomorrow, but some better tomorrow
             That never came before
                    A mystic-magic gift of all gifts
                     A rare myth-fiction-outer-thought
                       Intuition-feel adventure.




              ~.-                 c=-

 Another version from 1973 is called "From Tomorrow".


                                       343

Somewhere Else

Once I thought the world was somewhere else
Twice I looked and saw the world was still there
In its improper place
Boldly standing there for all the world to see
It is not somewhere else
But still in it's improper place.




                                      344

The Soul Dealer (1980)*

I deal in souls
The stuff of which dreams are made             .
Priceless souls Tender souls
More delicate than finest lace
More valuable than all the precious gems
In the world
I deal in souls
Souls reaching out to be
Souls of spirituel growth
Souls yet reaching in search
Who begin to feel the weakness of strength
And the strength of weakness.
Ifthus they be
I mold them with my fingertips
Whence beams of sound project
Rays ofCosmo-energy-sun . . . . . . . . .....
Tho' they are unaware of this;
I shape each to be a separate part of each
In discipline-ownness
I deal in souls ... I make them to see
   The intermingled-double-destiny
   Is what they need to seek
   The gift I bear
   Deep hidden riddles brought into the sun
   So that all can see there are greater truths
   To feel and know .... I deal in souls ...
   More precious to me than written words
   More precious to me than futile sounds
    Ofvanity from traitorous lips
   I deal in souls . . I see them as they are
   And not as they pretend to be.




..

 For the 1972 version of this poem, see "I Deal In Souls".


                                        345

The Sound I Hear (1972)

The sounds I hear are nothing
They seem to be but are not,
These walls around me are nothing
They seem to be but are nothing,
This ceiling above me
Is nothing
If I would, I could learn the how
An[d] see through it
And challenge the sky
And all its myriad worlds
These seeming emotions, so real, so enlightning
That gently speak to me
Are nothing
They seem to be but are nothing
These sometime bewilderments,
These haunting memories
Yesterdays
And yesterday's now
How unlike the days I would to be
How unlike the days I would to horizon-be the future.
But this is the alter-future I speak of.
The alternative is the key.




                                        346

The Sounds I Hear (1980)

The sounds I hear are nothing,
   They seem to be but are not.
These walls around me are nothing,
   They seem to be but are nothing            .
This ceiling above me is nothing;
   IfI would,
       I could learn the how and see through it    .
          Challenge the sky and all it's mansions
                   Ofmyriad worlds.


These seeming emotions .... so real       .
  . . . . . . Deep intruiges of charm            .
That gently speak to me are nothing:
               They seem to be but are nothing       .
These sometimes bewilderments,
These haunting memories ofyesterdays then
                And yesterdays now ...
This now is only the reality ofyesteryears shadow      .
                That came before . . ..
How unlike the days I would to be ....
How unlike the tomorrows that never came this way        .
      Tomorrow never touches the shores ofa world
                       Ofyesterdays
            Tomorrow never touches the shores ofa world
                            OfYesterday.




                                       347



The Sound Image ..(1972)*

That's what the music says, that is how I say the music ....
The music is a journey, the journey is endless
It is sound endlessness communication language point.
Endless sound is a universal language because that is what the music is
Equations bridge across the bridgeless-bottomless world of sound
That is what the music is, the universal language
The bridge-communication sound.
There is no other way to speak to everyone in language each can
Feel and understand except through music.
     How can you speak to other worlds except through the music, the
music lets them know, where you are at and what you are.
Ifyou are pure, the music's pure.
The music is your testing ground, it is your choice that tells the tale,
When all else fails.



         Pure music is what you must face.
         Ifyou limit, ifyou reject, ifyou do not consider
         If you are selfish-earthly bound,
         Pure music is your nemesis.
                             You cannot pretend: you will accept or you will
      reject.
                                There is no middle ground.
The mirror of pure music is a negative field/feel that photographs
   The image-mind-impression soul and psychic-self even the potential
      immediate alter-destiny/destinies.



The music is the image is the music is the image
The sound image.
The living image of sound                Image
Sound of the Cosmo-World approach journey.



-
              ~.-                 4$0&

*The 1980 version is nearly identical except for punctuation and spacing.

                                        350

The waves of sound are like waves of water in the ocean
There is a tide and time of sound
This the music is like a journey
Which is endless
Unscheduled directions are suddenly necessary
Now and then to syncronize the code momentum dimension
To environmental light or darkness equation-balance image
Or** improvisational alter counterpoint blueprint sound.
The music is not only just music.
It touches and projects other dimensions
Time-zone eternities and cosmo-infinity spiral-parallels
The parallels are feels/fields of parables, which are instruments
For the instruments are not only just instruments
The people are the instrument.
That's how the music goes, that's what the music is              .


That is the mirror on the wall, above the handwriting there. It is invisible
                           to all
It is a mirror that you must hear
Vibration ... rhythm .... harmonic sound is hidden in each melody.
It is never what it seems to be
You can only hear what the mirror sees. No more, nor less is ever allowed.
The sound mirror is what you see ofyou that's sound.
            Ifyou're not sound,
            Then you're not pure
Pure is real-sincerity
    and pure knows pure is sound and true.
                                    It's all what the music says of you
                                    It's not what the music you say of it.
IT'S ALL WHAT THE MUSIC SAYS OF YOU
    The music is the living mirror of the universe.




               ~.-                Wpsza

** This word is not in the 1980 version.


                                         351

The Sound Meaning

The product and the producer concerns me
As to whether either are independent agents
In this instance, I mean music and musicians.
Whence cometh they?
From somewhere brilliantly sound
For since I hear the music
Upon the beam I trace the sound
And always the beam vibrates
The meaning of the sound.




                                    352

Sound Myth

After the myth comes the origin or
After the origin is the end
Comes the myth.
This myth is descriptive.
It is either one or the other except for
The in-between, which is a seeming
Neutral point.




                                        353

Sound/Silence

What can I say other than the music itself?
Music?
Yes, to the ears that dare to hear
That dare to hear
Both the silence and the sound!
Music?
Yes, the silence/sound duality necessity belongness ... Balanced
projection pointless
Cosmo-Nature/natural feeling sensitivity
Dial pointer vibration-intensity indicator
Express image expression need necessity being code alter-otherness continuance
Continuance On .. On ..On
The music is in the word of words ON              .




[Sound/Silence]

What can I say other than the music itself?
Music?
Yes, to the ears that dare to hear, that dare to hear, that dare to hear,
Both the silence and the sound.
Music?
Yes, the silence sound
Duality necessity belongness
Balanced projection pointless cosmo nature natural feeling-sensitivity
Dial point of vibration intensity
Indicator express image expression
Express image expression need necessity being
Code alter-otherness continuance ... on
On .. on ..on
The music is the word of words ... on




                                        354

The Sounds OfPlanets

In the same way that a certain sound in one
Particular language is equal to a different
Meaning in another language, so the sounds on
One planet which equal a particular thing
On that one planet is equal to another thing
On another planet. It might mean the exact
Opposite or it might mean something entirely
Unrelated according to the orthodox standards
Ofthe related.




                                      355

The Space Age Cannot Be Avoided (1957)*

The prophets of the past belong to the past
The space prophets of the greater future
Belong to the greater future.
The greater future is the age of the Space Prophet,
The scientific airy-minded second man:
The prince of the power of the air.
The air is music.
The music is power.
The power of the past was its music,
The greater power of the future greater
Greater music is art,
Is its greater music:
Art is the foundation ofany living culture.
Living culture is skilled culture
Skilled dutifulness, aim and care
And love ofbeauty is the only way to produce art.
Skilled culture is the new weapon of nations,
The new measure of determination as to whether a nation
Is ready to be a greater nation is art.
A nation without art is a nation without a lifeline.
Art is the lifeline because art is the airy concept
Ofgreater living. It is the airy foundation ofthe airy
Kingdom of the future.
Tomorrow Beyond Tomorrow is the greater kingdom,
THE KINGDOM OF THE SPACE AGE ...




*A later version ofthis is found as "Points on the Space Age" (1984).

                                         356

Spiral Outwardly

When there is confusion
Chaos reigns with multi-dimensional song
Where like some bird
Sound ecstastic
To fly around the crossroads
Whence dimensions meet
And wind their way
Ofcircular paths spiral outwardly.




                                   357

The Spiral Way

Man is the same as he ever was
He ever could do ...
He ever could be
He ever could come to be
According to his desire for liberty ..
He has not perused the words,
"Make him free"
Request of one in enmity.
Man has not chanced to realize
The snares of liberty are supervised.
To know is differential reach sublime
Intuition's balanced weigh         .
Being of a higher spirit than he knows,
Wh[e]n he comes to know ... he shall be
What at last he knows himself to be:
From nothing to nothing to nothing
To nothing beyond
 He activates the spiral way.




                                      358

Spirituel (1971)

They have a labyrinth in their head
To open is magic
To close without is a spiral otherness
And sin is always at the door
Wherever there is someplace else
And some place however not
Point is .... the exquisite dimension
And nothingness prevails always before
And after ever is beyond
The limited end
For such eternity
Mathematic symbolization
Countdown zero
Is but a stepping stone
As every eternity is
To other ways and means
Prince and principality
Diamond rule and arch-authority



Spirituel (1980)

They have a labyrinth in their head
To open is magic;
To close without is of spiral otherness
And sin is always at the door             .
Wherever there is some place else
And some place however not,
Point is        .
The exquisite dimension and nothingness
Prevails always before and after ever is beyond
The limited not;
For such eternity          mathematic-symbolization
Countdown zero is but a stepping stone . . ..
As every eternity is
To other ways and means             .
Prince and principality
Diamond rule and arch-authority.


                                      359

The Spontaneous Love (1972)

The spontaneous love is the idea that is to be,
Like the light of a fire it beams bright
And its warmth casts rays into every shadow of the mind.
It lives and blossoms like the flaming petals of a cosmic-flower.
It never dies because it is the idea of that which is to be
And that which is to be cannot die
Because only that which "was" was fated to die.
That which is is the idea ofthe future
Is the light of the future;
But that which was is the shadow of the past.
There is nothing new under the sun of the past,
That is why the history therein repeats itself.
The circle is the cycle and
The cycle is the eternity thereof.


The name of the unending circle
Is the circle that is not a circle
Yet is a continual circle,
The symbol of that which is eternal
Is an onward sense
Rather than that which was
Which is an idea ofeternity
In an inward never-is-sense.




                                        360

The Spontaneous Love (1980)

The spontaneous love is the idea of that which is to be.
 Like the light ofa fire it beams bright
   And it's warmth casts rays
       Into every shadow of the mind               .
        It lives and blossoms
          Like the flaming petals ofa cosmic flower.
            It never dies
              Because it is the idea of that which is to be
                 And that which is to be yet is not
                  Cannot die           .
Only that which "was"
     Was fated to die.
       Earth's history is the wasness of things
           That is why the history repeats itself.
             History is the cycle of an eternity.


The cycle is a circle of limitation
 When the circle is of itself ..... one.
   There is an unending circle
     Which is symbolic of continuation Eternal continuum.
          Expressed by the ever-outward
              Reaching spiral
                  Ofthe Omni-Cosmos.




                                      361

The Spontaneous Mind

Walk toward the brilliant circles of tomorrow
    That turn each other . . ..
        Wheel turning wheel;
For every wheel is the will
  And the will is the power
     Ofthe fire
         Ofthe spontaneous mind . . . . .




                                      362

The Stage OfMan

Once there was a man who lived for God;
Now where is a man who lives for man?
That he who lives for man may speak
To he who lived for God
And thereby man (each man among men) will live
In freedom from the tyranny of man
From the stupidity among men
From the brutality of darkness
And let sound-reasoning in a cosmic sense
Be the light treasured above all else
On earth
That man might rise above the stage of man




                                     363

The Sub-Dwellers (1972)

Down in the subterranean places of the city
Down in the catacombs and caverns of the mind
Down,
Down in the earth catastrophe of knowledge
Dwell they, the sub-dwellers ...
Ofalter-mind we syncronize
To them, the sub-dwellers, BY QUICKENING TO US .....
Their potential need ... their great emergency
Within seeds they seem
Like enseeded rocks and roots hidden from the sun
Down, down must go to them the dawn
The loving heat of the sun
To touch them with immortal rays
The on-ness reach demands it be
... rays to envelope them like a net ofkindly prisms ...
They will be, they will come forward to the two-wardness of the
Intuition of the On
For it is On that is.
The voice of the greater universe will draw them
To Chromatic vibrations of the Is isness
They will come forward from whence, whereever they are
They shall come forward to the sound of sounds
Yes, A sound of sound will burst the oath of earth asunder
A projective aim to blast the secret The cruel citadel ...
Yea, even the coded seed will open it's walls
And that unmeant secret place will be no more their home
For out of the earth-darkness
They shall come forward dancing to the sound beams ofdark rays of light
And they will rise to the heavens of the natural skies
There they will be like the fires of the rays
And the rays of the sound of the sun.




                                       364

The Sub-Dwellers (1980)

Down in the subterranean places of the city
Down in the catacombs and caverns ofthe mind
Down ... down in the earth catastrophe of knowledge
Dwell they the sub-dwellers ....
Ofalter-mind we syncronize atune their spirit self
By quickening them to us and alter-destiny          .
We see their potential need ... their great emergency
Within seeds they seem like enseeded rocks and roots
Hidden from the sun.
Down .. down .. down must go them the dawn
Ofthe loving heat ofthe sun
To touch them with immortal rays
The On-ness reach demands it be
Rays to envelope them like a net of kindly prisms      .
They will be ..
They will come forward to the two-wardness
Ofthe intuition ofthe On .....
For it is On that Is.
The voice of the greater universe will draw them
To Chromatic Vibrations of the Is Isness ...
They will come forward from whence,
Wherever they are         .
They will come forward to the sound of sounds
Yes,
A sound of sound will burst the oath of earth asunder:
A projective aim to blast the secret place of woe ....
The cruel citadel ....
Yea, even the coded seed will open it's walls
And that unmeant secret place will be no more their home;
For out of the earth darkness
They shall come forward dancing to the sound beams
Ofdark rays oflight
And they will rise to the heavens of the natural skies
There they will be like the fires of the rays
And the rays of the sound of the sun.




                                       365

The Substitute Words

How carefully laid the scenes
How brilliantly superimposed
The substitute words to say and do.
How forced the seeming way of the pseudo-life.
If they would believe that vanity has them captive
If they would but believe the earth-gravity
Has them chained to its earth-plane vibration
Then they would come to know
Beyond the thing they call
The Beginning and End of knowledge-wisdom
They would come to know
And they would know they know.




                                      366

Sun-day

This is my day
A sunny day
This is my day
A sunny day
With so much to give to all
Bright beams
Striking at the shadows impartially.
This is my day
I have so much to say


Out of the sun colors come
Like spores the rays strike the earth
And forms of being take shape to be
Being raises itselfaccordingly
To the vibration of the ray to which it syncronizes itself.


The invisible light is the ultra-light .... the darkness
The darkness is the cosmo-light ..
The all pervading all
Thus the cosmo-equation of the light
Is that the darkness is as the light
So distinguish the meaning of this
And ultra BE: an Ultra-Being.




                                        367

The Sun Is Therel (1972)

A gate should be here
But there is a wall.
Try to smash it, shatter it
Break it down!
On every side enclosed
By four insurmountable walls
Fearfully tall
Towering as if to fall;
You'll never climb them,
It's been tried;
But higher than any wall
Is the sky .....
See the sun is there;
Lift your face .....
Hope is there
-- A roofless space
Escape ---------
Watch now, don't touch the walls:
Let them stand.
Now! Leap silently, surely, each time higher than before,
With certainty and purpose -----
Develop wings         .
Up now             .
Develop wings           .
Outermost           .
Stronger than steel or anybody's wall
Is greater truth and greater wisdom
Wings greater than wings
Wings greater than walls.




                                     368

The Sun Is Therel (1980)

                                  A gate should be here;
                                But there is a wall.
                              Try to smash it .. shatter it ...
                              Break it down!
                            On every side enclosed
                           By four insurmountable walls
                          Fearfully tall
                       Towering as if to fall;
                      You'll never climb them,
                     It's been tried;
                   But higher than any wall is the sky!
                   See, the sun is there.
                  Lift your face     .
                 Hope is there       a roofless space .....
               Escape ... !
             Watch now, don't touch the walls;
            Let them stand.
           Now! ..... leap silently .. surely       .
         Each time higher than before . . .             .
        With discipline ... precision ... purpose        .
       Develop wings
     Up now ...
    Develop wings
   Outermost
 Stronger than steel or anybo[d]y's wall
Is greater truth and invincible wisdom
Wings greater than wings .... wings greater than walls.




                                      369

Sun Song

In my nest ..... in my nest;
I do have a nest,
A beautiful golden nest
Soft and shimmering with many colors ...
Radiant like the sun.
Yes, I have a nest;
Out in outer space on the tip of the worlds.
There dwell I.
Come my love:
My many peoples, my sundry nations
That I adore,
Fly with me
Away to my nest.
High beyond the highest mountain,
Far away beyond the earth
Surrounded by fire and flame
Is my nest.


You there!
Thou bird of the golden wing:
How happily would you fit into my nest.
You there! ... You there! ...
You people of the planet earth
Forget yesterday and sorrow
Flyaway with me to my ever living
World of tomorrow,
And dwell with me in my nest,
My fiery nest of many mansions,
Ofkaleidoscopic vision and beauty ...
A real world .. a rare world of being alive.




                                      370

"Sunbursts Appear . . .II

Sunbursts appear in dark disguises
Bringing to fore
The strange truth of Eternal myth
Is the Sound; It is the
Sound truth ... Music Sound
And there always is music
The music always is
Whatever is
Always whatever is the music is
The sound pure
The sound symmetry
Equational values: vibrational
Differentiations: rhythms,
Harmonies, thought moods, Pattern
Silences that speak
Cohesive points bridges connect
opposites        .
There is black sound
The code
Projection sensitivity
Force reach decision
Perpendicular spirals
Galaxies, planets, earth
Man and his world
And the other world of man
Comprehension response
To the world ofangels




                                   371

Symbolic Meaning Of The X (1980)*

The time of earth is the X of earth
X is the time
X is the emit
That is: the cast out
X is the aim .... the solution
Symbol of the problem ....
X is the bridge symbol answer
View X from many points,
         And see the potential . . . ...
X is the time symbol
There are different times .....
The movement of the earth
Is at a particular time .....
A round of time . . . . .
Precision X is the movement of the spheres
From cosmic view: the earth X
Has been judged as time wasted
Because Christ (X) was wasted
  The waste of Christ
  Is the waste of time
  Cosmo analogy           .
  In the beginning God created
  The heaven and the earth
  And the earth was waste . . . . . . . . . .
  X is T and both can be called Tau.
  X itself symbolizes
  A cross or crossing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .




*The original ofthis text is in all capitals. For an earlier version, see "The X".

                                              372

Syncronization Inverse

A secret hidden power of kindness
And gentle love seeming to be
War and viciousness is
A misinterpreted form
Oftender mercies
According to the earth plane of the earth wicked
Who have neither seen the outward plane
Nor heard the sound of the voice
They do not understand
But activate according
The syncronization inverse or myth




                                     373

Tale

As the tale is told
It is tolled
And this is the weigh
For it is the total or the sum
The sum is the all: Pan.


Pan: All
That is as is
The nation of All
The nation of Pan
Nature's God.




                                  374

Tell me

Tell me when shall the scales ofdarkness
   fall from your eyes,
so that you may begin
   to see light
   to see light
   to see light
You are blest.
But your foes have green eyes on you.
And you don't know
   you don't know
   you don't know
They continue to torment you.
Your offsprings are supposed to liberate you.
But, they are using the enemies' tool ofdestruction
To strip you naked.




                                     375

Then

Let's see what happens .....
I looked into the future and I saw
What is to happen
There then            .
And then, I looked into the past
To see what happened then . . . ...
And then I realized: There are three thens.
There is wonderment ....
What now is then?
The now is one when inverted
That is, it is won ....
The one and the on
How near they are.
The passion is the passi-on
Passe on ... Atop? above? over? On!
The now passes or inverts itself to won ...
And after that
Then?
So then,
Well? and so? Then? Well?
Is everything the reason why,
Every all and each?
Let's look again . . . . .
There are reasons to find and scrutinize
Concerning the then .....
They both and all control some destiny.




                                      376

THE -------O------L 0 G Y ....

The 0 logy concerns the o.
The 0 is the earth
The oath is the curse, the oath, the word
The earth is the erth, the eorthe, the orthloith/oth ... the 0 .. the o/oethloat
The earth is three/thre
And X is three from the end of the alphabet . . . zyx      z-y -X          .
Now X is C because C is the initial
But X is sometimes used instead
C is three and X is three.


The 0 .. the cipher .. the code
The code X .. the codex .. the law
The cipher is lu cipher
The Le is Lu because The is Thu
The cipher: Lucipher: Lucifer             .




                                       377

There

There is a land
Whose being is almost unimaginable to the
Human mind.
On a clear day, we stand there and look farther
Than the ordinary eye can see.
Far above the roof of this world,
We can encompass vistas of the worlds.


There is a land
Where the sun shines eternally ....
Eternally eternal:
Out in outer space
A living blazing fire,
So vital and alive ....
There is no need to descibe its splendor.




                                     378

The Thick Darkness

It is written that God dwells in the thick Darkness          .
From whence came the Angel of Darkness?
It is written That the light is as the darkness to God.
It is written that Satan shall pose as an angel of light.
But is this light a light thing?
Did some Insignificant visit earth and the earth did not know
His Majestic Insignificance?
Perhaps his reception was a pageant of glory of shame to his name.
                                  Do they not celebrate the same?




                                         379

Thing in Itself (1972)*

Thing in itself?
A thing, a thing
Ding and sich?
A thing, a thing
What's your thing?
Ding and Sich?
Sich ding?
Ding and sich?
Sich ding?
Your thing is which?
Sich ding    .
Sich ding    .
What's your thing?




Thing In Itself (1980)

Thing in itself?
A thing, a thing             .
Ding and sich?
A thing, a thing         .
What's your thing?
Ding and Sich?
Sich ding?
Ding and sich?             Sich ding?
Your thing is which?
Sich ding        .
Ding and sich             .
What's your thing?




* Recited by Hartmut Geerken on Leo Records CD "No Point" (LR330).

                                     380

[This world is not my home]*


This world
Is not my home.
This world, is not my home.
My home is
Somewhere better.


Many light years in space,
My home.


In some far place
In light years in space
Where human beings have never run.
Where your eyes have never seen.


My home, my home.
planet ??


This world is not my home.
This world, is not my home.


I know I'm a member of the Angel race,
I know I'm a member of the Angel race,


My home is somewhere else in outer space


I know I'm a member of the Angel race,
My home is in outer space.


Is this the planet of life... or death?


Is this is the planet of life, why are people dying?
Is this a planet of life or death.


If this is the planet of life




                                        381

This is not life here, this is not life.
This is death, death,
This is death disguised as life.


This is not life here, this is not life.
This is death, death,
This is death disguised as life.


In a dream world, In a dream world.


You only dream, you are only dreaming here.
This not real, this is not a real world.


Is this is the planet of life, why are people dying?


Why do people die?


You're only dreaming, in a dream world.
Dreaming all the things, dreaming all the things
before you die.


Before you die. You only dreaming in a dream world.
Dreaming all the things you did before you die.


People, dream world... reality.


Sleep!
You're asleep,
you're asleep in the deep dark Babylonian night.
You're asleep,
You're asleep,
you're asleep in the deep dark Babylonian night.


You're only dreaming.


You're dreaming.
Dreaming of all the things you did before you die.
Wake up, Wake up, before its too late,
Before you die in the dream.


                                         382

This illusion, disillusion.
Full of lies.


This illusion is full of Confusion, it's full of lies.


This world, is not the real world.
It looks like it is, it seems to be.


It seems to be. It seems to be a Sun above you. Its all illusion,
Its not real!
Its not real!


Can't you feel, this world is not real.


Someone cast a magic spell
On the people on the planet earth, and then left them here.


In this dream world. In this dream world.


You're under a spell in this dream,
in this dream world.


Youre dreaming that you're doing all the things that you did before you die.


Can't do nothing
Ifyou do right they put you in jail
Ifyou do wrong they put you in jail
Ifyou do right they put you in jail
Ifyou do wrong they put you injail
You can't win.
You can't win.


You got to do something else.
You got to do something else ...


You got to reach out and touch beyond the stars.
You got to reach out and touch beyond the stars above that.


You got to walk
through the universe.
You got to touch the edge of the universe.

                                        383

You've got to leave the planet earth as soon as you can.
You've got to get away from this planet as soon as you can.


In life...
You put your body in the ground and the planet eats it up.
Its a beastly planet


... gravity...


All the way down into the grave.


Continue to be a slave.
Are you going to continue to be a slave?
Are you going to continue to be a slave?


Are you a slave to planet Earth?
You said you're free, Prove it to me.
You said you're free, Let me see it, I want to see.
Ifyou're really free why do bow to death.
If you're really free why do bow to death.
You make death your master
How can you be free when youre a slave of your master called Death.


You're not free.
Why do you bow to death.
If you're free why do bow to death.
If you're really free why do bow to death.


If you're, free why do bow to death.
Is that being free?


Is that what you mean by liberty?


Why do you bow to death.


If you're really free why do bow to death.


Is that what you mean by free?
Is that what you mean by liberty?


                                      384

Ifyou're free, why don't you prove it by bowing down
to your master, call it death.


Ifyou're free, prove it to death.
Ifyou're free, prove it to me.
Ifyou're free,
Prove it!


Ifyou're really free, prove it.


Bow down to your master called Death.




                                    385

Thoth

An open mind is relative to the
point of an opin[i]on.
Now an opinion is thing you opine.
The echo of a word
Is like the overtones of a thought.
A thought is a word or
A series of words collectively.




                                    386

The Three Dimensions OfAir

Air is Space
Air is Melody
Air is Manner or Spirit
It is the air that we breathe
That is important to the active existence
Ofourselves
Likewise it is the air
That we listen to
That is important to the active existence
Ofour minds
And it is the air
That is the important point
      Ofthe state ofthe cultural life of an
      individual or nation.
The spirit of things is the way of things
And the way of things is the manner of
      things
Is the active state of things
And the state is the word
Because 'to word' something is to state it.
      To word To state
      Word State
      Word Ward
      To word Toward
      To word Toward on




                                       387

To Outer Unseen Worlds

Come my brother, you are dear to me
I will take you to new worlds
Greater in splendor than anything earth possesses.
If you are fearful, you are of the futile persuasion
If you are strong, you will be as I
I am nothing
My symbol is the name of nothing
And yet I speak as the living pattern
for the spirit.
The spirit is as I
Nothing can withstand my will
I cover the earth
And hold it like a ball in my hand
I can dash it to bits if I will
Or with the power of my forces
I can take it in seconds
To another galaxy
And set it gently in another place.




                                        388

To Some Destination

When the wind changes
The sails blow with the wind
Like a live thing
And thence goes the ship with the wind
The ship of state going onward
To some destination
Onward to the rhythm of the wind.




                                    389

To The Peoples OfEarth

Proper evaluation of words and letters
In their phonetic and associated sense
Can bring the peoples ofearth
Into the clear light of pure Cosmic Wisdom.




                                     390

Tomorrow Never Comes (1973)*

Tomorrow Never Comes,
Comes Tomorrow Never
Never Comes Tomorrow
Tomorrow Comes Never
Never Tomorrow Comes
Comes Never Tomorrow




*Similar,but not identical to, a segment of the poem "Never Is The Future". Recited
simultaneously by Famoudou Don Moye and Lukas Lindenmaier on the Leo Records
CD "No Point" (LR330).


                                        391

Tomorrow's Realm (1972)*

In some far off place
Many light planes in Outerness-Space
I'll wait for you.
Where human feet have never trod
Where human eyes have never seen
I'll build a world of otherness ...
Other-abstract-natural design
And wait for you.


In tomorrow's realm
We'll take the healm
ofa new ship
Like the lash of a whip we'll be suddenly
on the way
And lightning-journey to
Yet another-other-friendly shore.




      .........'-~W$IE&
                      .-                     -
                                            .

*See also HIn Some Far Place" and "The Far OffPlace" for very similar poems. This
version may be the earliest ofall, since it contains the same key words as, but differs the
most from, the other versions and their final incarnation as the lyrics to "I'll Wait For
You".


                                            392

Tomorrow's Vibrations

One by one, my children left me;
  My shadow children. my images of the light.
I had tried to school them with a parable;
Then I tried to school them
      With the incomparable .....
          But they left me.
Now I dwell alone;
And in my shadow loneliness,
     I reach into the dark
  And in quiet unseenness
Separate the darkness from the dark . . . . . ...
For the darkness
     Is only a segment of the dark: :
A cycle willed to simulated-life .....
 Enscrolled; .. As pre-determined fate,
   And each cycle ofdarkness ....
              I change through magic
       The living magic of my word!
  The multi-principle ... potential-impossibility
  Changing the darkness into beingness . . ..
  I shall press the darkness-dark into form ...
  And the form shall be nothingness:
     A space-spore of mystic potential .....
Then suddenly I shall touch the darkness
     With sound thought
          Oftomorrow's vibrations.
  Vibrations which are ultra-eternal.
  Thus causing those whom I choose to be
  Ultra-Eternal-Living-Sound Omni-Beings.




                                      393

The Tone ofAbstract Love

Prelude                     Prelude
The shadowy light bursts into flame-fire
Myth-fire living ..... living .... living .....
Burning plane sun-dimensions


Prelude         Prelude              Outer
Darkness is the darkness dark
Itself to be the synonym
Of brilliant chromatic lights and fire,
Thus the shadow come to be
They take shape, they are to be
Shadows take shape and dance
Dance to the tune of Abstract Love.




                                       394

The Tradition Creator

The delusion is the God - idea       .
The deception is the conception-certified
     Or the certified conception ofthe God-idea
Cast the outworn God-idea out of your mind
 The outworn God-idea
    Is the control center
        Which has been used to mold the minds
           Ofthe complacent, the unwary
              And the unsuspecting ..
    It has destroyed the innocent
                 As well as
      Trapped the guilty              .
            The outworn God-idea
     Has really been the creator
         Ofthe world as it is today       .




                                    395

Trancendence

The transient light beams
In the darkness ofobscurity
Insignificant leastness               .
Victory ever undone in triumph-noneness.
Transcendent ... transient beness
Out on other othernessness beam beisty . . . .
The bridge of sound be-is-ness
Beistness beam            ray      yah
The transient light overtones
Pure ..celestial reach Eternal
It is of the express lightnin' bypass
To bypass the annihilative "life"
Tuned out of tune and harmonized accordingly
To project the tunes and tune of
What they call their inevitable demise
  As if that had to be the/a foreordained end.
  It is not the end to deify           .
  It is taboo to seek such blasphemy ...
  It is not celestial accepted fate.
  There are other greater ends
  For the ultimate greater end
  Is the leastness of end . . . . .
  Endlessness.




                                        396

The Tree is Wood

The tree is wood
Would you to know? Would you to know,
The things you would to think you should?
You Would?
I thought you would.
I thought you would ... I thought you would.
The tree is wood, it's would you know
But that's a saying deep and dark
I mean the wood is tree is wood
    Would the meaning ofyou would?
The will, the would upon the wood
The wood ... look at the dictionary's Wood.
I think you should, I think you should
To know the meaning, I think you should
To know the meaning of the wood
Don't forget the wood is wood
Look up the word, the peeker word
Behold the peeker ... spirit ... would
The peeker would. the peeker would
Behold the peeker, peckerwood.
Peckerwould,peckerwood
Spirit wood, spiritwood
Peter wood, peckerwood
Peeker: pick, a peeker/pick ... picker,pecker .. peekers peck
Peekers pick/discriminate
They choose to choose
I wish you would
I wish you would to choose to choose
A peeker would
I think you should.
Watch out! There're different kinds of wood
Somebody's would is out to lunch
They're out to lunch, but that's their wood. The would .....
The wood ... the tree is wood
Don't let them get you on a tree
A wooden beam, a bush (ambush) .. Behold, beware, take extra care
Don't wander out upon a limb, a limb, a lamb, a lamb a limb
Be careful of the branch, the branch ... A peeker would, a wormwood too.
Peckerwood:wormwood too. Thus is my would I think you should.

                                       397

Truth Is Bad Good (1972)

Truth is bad
Or truth is good
It depends upon where
And why and how and who you are.


The word truth must be considered carefully
And the precepts of that which is called truth
Must be equationized and balanced
And understood.
Or else, it must be abandoned
And another truth placed in its place.
This is the idea of the greater age
The outer worlds of ethemess
This is the word from the Cosmic-Cosmo-Tomorrow.




Truth: Bad: Good (1980)

Truth is bad
Or truth is good
It depends upon where
And why and how and who you are.


The word truth must be considered carefully
And the precepts of that which is called truth
Must be equationized and balanced
And understood.
Or else, it must be abandoned
And another truth placed in its place.
This is the idea of the greater age
This is the word from the Cosmo-Tomorrow.




                                      398

The Truths That Should Not Be

The truths used as the foundation
Ofthe world today
Is not the truth that should be the truth,
It is not the natural truth
It is an adapted-adopted truth


That is why I speak of myth . . . . . . .
There are different kinds of myth
But sometimes they touch each other
Like realities
When they are in proximity to each other; ;
At times they can see each other
Or feel each other's presence/presences
When they pass each other by
In different directions
Or are parallel to each other
In moving eternities
Symbols,
Projections or related consequences.
The simplicity of everything is involved
Because of it's derivative multiplicities .....
So only ifyou know
Can you compare equationally
For advanced onwardness . . . . . . . . . . .
The experience indicates
That to rise from the valueless
To the omni-valueless is the epi-cosmic idea
Invaluable                      .




                                         399

Twice Told (1972)

I told you once,
You did not see . . .
I mentioned
Immortality


I TOLD YOU ONCE, YOU DID NOT SEE, I MENTIONED
                   IMMORTALITy                        .


      TOLD         YOU                 ONCE
   YOU          DID                  NOT            SEE
              THE                  WORD
                              I S
      M      M       0         R           T      A  L      T  Y




Twice Told (1980)

I told you once,
You did not see . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I mentioned: immortality
I TOLD YOU ONCE, YOU DID NOT SEE
I MENTIONED IMMORTALITy                                  .
I      TOLD             YOU                    ONCE
          THEN ONCE AGAIN
              THE               WORD
                          IS
1M MO R                   TAL                      T Y




                                               400

Twin Vibrations (1972)

The vibrations are
These images are twins
They draw, they sketch,
They figure, they blueprint


The myriad destiny fates.


Vibrations sound both heard and unheard
Vibrations both seen and unseen
Infinite presence
Deep highway rays ofcommunication
With/to the All universe
Even its unknown duality phases.


If it is to see, to be, to know:
The vibration will let you know
The vibration will let you see.
The vibration will let you be
The vibration will let you be.




Twin Vibrations (1980)

These images are twins
They draw, they sketch,
They figure, they blueprint
Vibrations Sound both heard and unheard
Vibrations both seen and unseen
Infinite presence
Deep highway rays of communication
With/to the All universe
Even its unknown duality phases.


If it is to see, to be, to know:
The Vibration will let you know
The Vibration will let you see.
The Vibration will let you be
The Vibration will let you be.

                                    401

The Ultimate All

Sometimes
  All is not all;
    Because
      The COSMOS-ALL is the ALL-ALL ....
          It is the
            "THE ULTIMATE" ALL
                       Of
          The Omni-universes
There are different kinds of all
I speak of a different kind of ALL ....




                                     402

The Universe Sent Me To Converse With You (1972)

The universe sent me to converse with you
Ifthere are ears to hear, listen, but do not listen with yours ears alone
You must feel with your intuition-sense.
It is always the unknowing-knowing voice of the quiet-vigilant silence.
Your intuitional-intuition sense.
The universe sent me to converse with you.


This planet is a perfect place, according to its own decision code
But still there is something missing here, a greater need than all the rest.
A need long hidden from earth-guards gaze,
A need ofgiant-imperative now
It cannot be: it will not be denied.


This need's coordinate-would-wish-desire
I speak to you for nature sent me too
Another gift to offer you
And music: Nature's - Natural-Master's -creation voice
Is one of the bridges to the treasure-house
Ofneeds fulfilled.
What and how are you?
I send my warmest greetings
From the where of the Cosmo-usual
I am doing what I am supposed to do,
I am being what I am supposed to be.
It is a strange circumstance, like being upon an alien-planet-world
All alone ..... But I am not alone, there are ears to hear even here
There are ears that will listen with mind-soul's-spirit pure
Ofthose,
For those who are in tune with Nature's Cosmo-plan-plane-design
Can hear what untuned ears cannot
And those who hear will know the meaning of the natural-beist.
The Living Being-Beist
The Space sea has many sounds ofbe-isness:
The akasa, the unknown acoustics, the alter planes of isness and notness
Are all a part of everything,
The everything and the nothingness.
See the sound-riddle of the double-beast.



                                       403

The Universe Sent Me (1980)

   The universe sent me to converse with you ....
   Ifthere are ears to hear ... listen;
   But do not listen with your ears alone             .
   You must feel with your intuition-sense;
        It is always the unknown-knowing voice
         Ofthe quiet-vigilant silence
      Your celestial connection sense                  .
   The universe sent me to speak and say:
   This planet earth is a perfect place
   For those who according to-ed
          An executed decision-code               .
   But still there is something missing here         .
   A need long hidden from earth-guards gaze;
          Ofgreater need than all the rest
             Cannot will not longer be denied.
   It is of this need's coordinate-wish-desire
   I speak to you . . . . . . for nature sent me too,
   Another gift to offer you:
   The omni-touch of music-lore
   The natural Master's Creator voice
   The bridge of sound-vibration path
   To the treasure-house of needs fulfilled.
What dimension thence are you?
Whither whence thou goeth?
I will not ask again .. if answers you have none.
Still, I send my warmest greetings
From the where of the Cosmos-rare:
I am being what I am supposed to be . . . . . . . .
Like an alien-being alone upon an outcast world.
But I am not alone; there are ears to hear even me.




                                          404

The Unknown State (1972)

In a world which does not know God
It is sometimes better for a God
To pretend there is no God
Then because no God is non-existent
The no-God is by the non-existent laws
The unwritten laws of the non-existent
               state
The unknown state
Beyond the guarded boundaries of
          a place prepared:
The house of the version.
In some strange realm
That never was
But always is
The no-God
Came to know-God.
Thus they met in abstract-friendship,
Beyond the road of the mills of the
                gods,
By the Bypass
Ofthe valley ofthe shadow;
Because the extinction
Ofthe non-existent
Is impossible
And that which is impossible
Is always
The idea that lingers on.




                                     405

The Unknown State (1980)

         In a world which does not know God
         It is sometimes better for a God
         To pretend there is no God


Then, because the no-God
Is of the Kingdom ofthat which is not      .
The no-God is the superior non-existent
  In the kingdom which is not: ..Yet is.
  The unwritten laws of the unknown state
  Is authorized law in a not-way.
  Beyond the guarded boundaries
  Ofa place prepared:
  The house of the virgin-version


   In some strange realm
   That never was
   But always is
   The no-God
   Came to know-God.
   Thus they met in abstract-friendship,
   Beyond the road of the mills of the
                    gods,
   By the Bypass
   Ofthe valley of the shadow;
   Because the extinction
   Ofthe non-existent
   Is impossible


     The impossible is always the idea
                 That lingers on.




                                      406

Unremembered Dreams (1957)

Unremembered dreams
Linger, ..... pensive ..... poignant.
Unremembered dreams
Cleverly evasive
Haunt the path of hidden thought,
Walk the streets of beauty
And pull at tangled threads
That seek to weave themselves
Into the fabric and flare of life.




Unremembered Dreams (1980)

Unremembered dreams
Linger - pensive - poignant
Unremembered dreams
Stolidly evasive
Haunt the pathway of tangled threads
That weave themselves into the fabric of life.




                                    407

Unseen Definition (1972)

It is not right for those to speak to me
To speak of freedom
Who have the wrong definition of freedom
It is not right for those to speak to me
To speak of love
If they have never felt the meaning of love


Love and freedom
What words they are
Yet look at the fruits of the action thereof
Is this life all that life should be?
Consider .....
Freedom itselfcan be an empty shell
Without a greater cause
For just as an empty shell is free
Without inner substance
So can one be
If freedom is another word
For an unseen definition
Ofa principle in secret code.




                                       408

Unseen Definitions (1980)

It is not right
    For those to speak to me
      To speak of love
                 Ifthey have never felt
                  The meaning of love               .
It is not right
    For those to speak to me to speak of freedom
       Who have the wrong definition of freedom ....
           What good is freedom's liberty
              If sword and famine
                 Pestilence is it's creed    .
                   Proclamated by God
                      An unfailing promised heritage ...


       Love and freedom
   What words are they!
  The events ofthe world today are the fruits thereof ...
Yes .. Look at the fruits of the actions thereof.
Is this life all that life should be?
                Consider .....
 Freedom itselfcan be an empty shell
     Without a greater cause ....
       For just as an empty shell is free
           Without inner substance
            Likewise can a person be
If freedom is really in this era oftime
   A hidden code of an unseen definition.
          A trigger word of tragic illusion.




                                         409

Victory Dual

Some things are true
And
Some things are not .....
While others are neither:
They are dimensions of potentials
The potential subdivide
Into immeasurable contractions
And Immeasurable expansion expression.
The odds against
Can be balanced into dual victory
For victory is balanced
When it wins on both sides            .
The four negatives symbolizes
40 days 40 nights which are 40.
The forty consecutively centered
Are 4 ways and 4 powers.
The four ways are directional
Intent, the 4 powers are
Diminished mights represented by the little ones.
The forty little
Ones are represented by the IV. The I
With the V for victory not the
Dramatized earth victory: but the cosmos mystery
Victory
Which is eternal
Beyond mans unauthorized control.




                                     410

Vibration Of The Ray (1980)*

 Out ofthe sun
 Colors come .....
 Like spores the rays strike the earth
 And forms of being take shape to be ....
 Being raises itselfaccordingly
 According to the vibration
 Ofthe ray to which it syncronized itself.
 Shadows are like images
 In an abstract way they are images of the sun.
 The imges are of darkness in pastel-black.
 Images are sometimes invisible                    .
 The light is as the darkness: it is written    .
The invisible light is the Cosmo-darkness
It is ultra                                       .




* See also "Sun-day", which shares the first few lines.

                                        411

Virgin Version

Our version conception
Our immortality, my pure idea
Our virgin version
My version: virgin
We came to be if that conception that
          I will to be




                                    412

Visions Out

Metomorphosis* Vision
Transmolecular light
Transcendent darkness rule/measure of the outemess
Black, chromatic
Synthesis on
It is yon diamond project differential
Sapphire beam ruby
Gem-Gemini
Plane transcendent/visions out.




--
* Monorails and Satellites CD liner writes "Metamorphosis",

                                        413

The Visitation

In the early days of my visitation,
Black hands tended me and cared for me     .
Black minds, hearts and souls loved me    .
And I love them because of this.
In the early days of my visitation,
Black hands tended me and cared for me;
I can't forget these things.
For black hearts, minds and souls love me--
And even today the overtones from the fire
of that love are still burning.
In the early days of my visitation
White rules and laws segregated me ...
They helped to make me what I am today
And what I am, I am.
Yes, what I am, I am because of this
And because of this
My image of paradise is chromatic-black.
And chromatic-black again.
Those who segregate did not segregate in vain
For I am,
And I am what I am.




                                    414

Voice Of The Timeless Spirit . . .

What can I do to help the world
What could I do?
It is not my world.
Or at least I think it isn't
Have I forgotten something?
Am I to blame?
Did I create this
What did I do wrong?
Why does the creation groan and suffer?
If I can help in any way
Should I?
We do not accept each other
I have so much to offer them
What do they have to offer me
They are spiritually poor. I have sympathy
For them, they have no sympathy for me.
What can I do?
I do not wish that they should think or say
I am their god but if I help them - what would
They say.
They have been
Alone so long.




                                      415

The Void (1980)*

The airy heaven is the empty space
The division of heaven is inner and outer
The limited heaven is the inner.
The outer is the outer void and the inner is the inner void
Space .. empty ... void.


The third heaven is the area heaven #3
It is haven #3
It is known by the name earth which is a permutation of
The erth is the foundation of itself, it is in space three
It is as the beginning, a place of berth
It is an 0 or A 0
Which is the alpha-omega
Of the material plane #3
But ev[e]ry planet is an 0
Earth is Ao #3
Or the third       0from the sun.


The inner air from another plane is like the counterpoint
To a central theme ..... The enclosed vibration ..The enclosed sound
Some sounds are limited .. the limited sound repeats itself over and over
It is a cycle: an eternity never changing
The outer spirals move brilliantly with vivid precision
Ever varying, ever outward and ever onward               .




                         ..        ---       ...........'-~                   .-
* For a later version, see "The Heaven #3".

                                        416

The Wasters (1972)

They're in the wilderness
Wilder than the wilderness they are
Cluttered views -- wasters
Images of a thought will-O-wisp futility
Frustration is the end they discover
When disguised purpose at last reveals itself
By initiation into the rights
Through the rites they did not know
Were the rites/rights!


Now they cannot see
The darkness is too much for them
They denied the need for the intuitive eye
And followed the programmed intellect design
As worshippers of the symboled-limited-labyrinth
Whose disguised hidden boundaries pretended to be
A mystery from which is no escape.
Their equality has left them without The Master.




                                     417

The Wasters (1980)

                         They're in the wilderness
                  Wilder than the wilderness they are
             Cluttered viewpoint-wasters
          Imaginers of foolish thought futility            .
         They will discover that frustration is the aim-end
       When disguised purpose at last reveals itself
     By initiation into the rights through the rites
   Given to neophytes in ceremony secret-sacred keep.
  Now they cannot see
The darkness is too much for them
They denied the need for the intuitive eye
 And followed the programmed intellect design
   As worshippers of the symboled-limited labyrinth
       Whose disguised hidden boundaries pretended to be
         A mystery from which is no escape.
           Their equality has left them without the master.




                                      418

We Hold This Myth To Be Potential (1972)

We hold this myth to be potential
  Not selfevident alone but equational;
         Another Dimension
              Ofanother kind of Living Life
                      Abstract-Projection Presence
This Myth are these
We be potential
   This myth is not what you know
What you know is the knowledge
Beyond that is the separate of the ignorance
The greater wisdom is the unknown ignorance
You do not know and that is the knowledge beyond the knowledge
For beyond the knowledge is the Infinity:
The uncharted ignorance.
You cannot measure that which is the ignorance;
Because of your limitation, you are of the limited ignorance
Ifyou are only of the earth mind
You have not as yet seen
You have not seen
That there is a mirror
Between you and the universe;
And all you see is your reflection
Because of that reflection-thought.




                                      419

We Hold This Myth To Be Potential (1980)

    We hold this myth to be potential
      Not self evident but equational:
          Bridge-doorway
            Abstract projection-presence
              Omni-dimension direction
                   To another kind unknown Living Live-Life.
                     This myth are these
      This myth are and is
      We be potential
          This myth is not that which you know               .
            What you know is the knowledge
              But beyond that is the separate of the ignorance.
                 The greater wisdom is the unknown-ignorance
                 Which you do not know . . . . . . . . .
                 And is the knowledge beyond the knowledge
                 For beyond the knowledge is the infinity:
                    The uncharted ignorance.


    You cannot measure that which is the ignorance;
   Thus because of your limitation,
 You are of the limited ignorance ....
If you are only of the earth mind
You have not as yet seen
 That there is a mirror between you and the universe;
   And all you see is your reflection-thought.




                                      420

What You Sol (1972)

This today is judgement day
A ruler rules the judgement be
This day to judge
Today is judgement day
Too long delayed but yet
Are you too blind to the evils of non-discrimination
That you dare not understand?
Are you so willfully ignorant of what you should be;
That you think you are only what others say
                     you are,
Yet perhaps you fail to realize
That what you are
you are
And thus so approve or so, Thusly,
If what you reap is what you so
What you reap is what you are:
Amen!
Because what you 'am' is what to be
And what you is, you am
And what you be, you are
Ifwhat you are is what you so.
Am - in
Amen!
Am-on
Amen!




                                      421

What You Sol (1989)*

This today is a judgement day
It is more likely, examination day.
A ruler rules the judgement be
This day to judge and examine
Today is examination day
Too long delayed but yet
Are you too blind to the evils of non-discrimination
That you dare not understand?
Are you so willfully ignorant of what you should be;
That you think you are only what others say you are,
Yet perhaps you fail to realize
That what you are
you are
And thus so.
Thusly, if what you reap is what you so
What you reap is what you are:
Amen!
Because what you 'am' is what you be
And what you is, you am
And what you be, you are
If what you are is what you so.




* Recited by Sun Ra on the A&M CD "Purple Night" before the piece "OfInvisible
Them" and a part of it on the Leo Records CD "No Point" (LR330).


                                       422

When Angels Speak

When angels speak
They speak ofcosmic waves of sound
Wavelength infinity
Always touching planets
In opposition outward bound.


When angels speak
They speak on wavelength infinity
Beam cosmos
Synchronizing the rays of black darkness
Into visible being
Blackout!
Dark Living Myth-world of being.




                                    423

When You Meet A Man

When you meet a man
You meet a scheme of words
Patterns of concept
A concepted being
Whose very birth conception is called.




                                    424

Whereness

The beauty of thought
The infinity there
Nowhere is as near
As I to anywhere
Everywhere is the same
From some point in thought
And the same point is in some thought
From everywhere.




                                   425

Wisdom-Ignorance

When reality reaches a certain point
Beyond that point is myth.
Even before the beginning of what is
called reality
Myth is the being before.
When all that is parable-possible
Is lived and caused to be, the hope
Ofcontinuation-living-being is myth
Myth from equational wisdom-ignorance

IS IS.

      The myth is the seemingly false
and the seemingly impossible. The
borders of the realm of myth are vast
and nonexistent because
There is no limit to the imaginative
realm-idea ofthe myth.
      Here is a challengingly frontier.
Only the bold and wise/ignorant
should pioneer. The law in the realm
of myth is the non-law to non-
mythist because the realm of the myth
is the magic presentation of the non-
existent non-reality in a seemingly
real form for it is when it is and
yet when it is, it is not.
      The myth touches every field
ofendeavour so that the myth is the
bridge to the
Greater Myth.
      Out upon the planes of Myth
strange non-realities dwell,
strange because they are not
according to the propagated accepted
"law".




                                       426

     The non-reality may sometimes
be expressed by the word "not".
Sometimes that which has reached an
end is considered as "not",
So that a problem is posed and a way
out difficulty at the same time.
Consider the three  0' s.




                                    427

[Wisdom-Ignorance]

         When reality reaches a certain point
               Beyond that point is myth.
  Even before the beginning of what is called reality
               Myth is the being before.
           When all that is parable-possible
          Is lived and caused to be, the hope
         Ofcontinuation-living-being is myth
      Myth from equational wisdom-ignorance
                        Is ... is.
           The myth is the seemingly false
           And the seemingly impossible.
     The borders of the realm of myth are vast
               And nonexistent because
 There is no limit to the imaginative realm-idea of the
                            myth.
           Here is a challengingly frontier.




                                    428

Word-World . . (1972)

You grow to love somebody
Than suddenly they are gone
Where?
Is that the pleasure of some depriver?
Why?
          Adventure of feeling school
          What image of the word is the word?
          Or however is the word to the world?




Word World (1980)

You grow to love somebody . . . . . . .
Then, suddenly they are gone.
             Where?
 Is that the pleasure .. the will ... the desire
 The ecstasy of some depriver.
 Why?




                                        429

Words (1972)

Words are like people
They move many ways and cause many things to happen
A word is a name
A word when spoken is a sound
A word when thought is a vibration
There are good words and bad words
But any word can be good and any word can be bad
It is according to who says it and how and where and when and why.
Words.




Words (1980)

Words are like people
    And people are like words        .
      They say the word was made flesh . . ..
         Yes ... words are like people.
          They move many ways and cause many things to happen . . .
           A word is a name
             A word when spoken is a sound
               A word when thought is a vibration .....
                   There are good words
                    And there are bad words . . . . . . . . . . . .
                   But any word can be good
               And any word can be bad,
             It is according to who says it and how
               And where ..... and when .... and why.
                  Words are more than words are . . . . . . . . . . . . .




                                      430

Words And The Impossible

The elasticity of words
The phonetic - dimension of words
The multi-selfof words
Is energy for thought - If it is a reality.
 The idea that words
Can form themselves into the impossible
Then the way to the impossible
Is through the words.


The fate of humanity is determined
By the word they so or approve
Because they reap what they so
Even if it is the fruit of their lies.




                                         431

The World Clock

Abandon them!
Abandon them!
According to their abandonment----------
According to their words and deed-------
The things they say and do.
They are not real.
Even the pretense is no longer there      .
They are as they seem to be
There is no choice
They refuse to learn
So, abandon them
Abandon them where they
And as they are.
The world clock points the hour/minute/second
And the now of things are ended.




                                    432

Would I For All That Were (1968)

Would I for all that were
If all that were is like a wish.
Would I for all that were
Ifall that were is that which never came to be;
For the image of the world that was
Is the light of the darkness today ...
And all that were is not what I wish it were.
So would I for all that were
All that swirls anon in the world ofdreams
Boundless in thought to fruitful reminisce.
Would I for all that were
All that words cannot express
All that pleasant dreams cannot remember ...
The enchantment and warmth of rare content.
Would I for these and these alone
That I might live as Cosmic thought insists I should
As it were right to be as I wish I were.
Would I for this wondrous thing
A new decree of happiness
Better than, any liberty this world has ever known.
A Cosmic weigh
That opens the way to the worlds that are: --
The Kosmos worlds of endless galaxies.




                                      433



Would I For All That Were (1972)

Would I for all that were
If all that were is like a wish
Would I for all that were
Ifall that were is that which never came to be
For the image of the world that was
Is the light of the darkness today
And all that were is not what I wish it were
All that swirls anon in the world ofdreams
Boundless in thought and fruitful reminisce.
Would I for all that were
All that words cannot express
All that pleasant dreams cannot remember
The enchantment and warmth of rare content
Would I for these and these alone
That I might live as cosmic thought insists I should
As it were right to be as I wish to were.


Would I for this splendid thing
A different decree of hapiness
Better than any liberty this world has ever known.


Would I for all that were
That I might live as I were to be
That I might live as I would to should


Would I for all that were before the law of the oath of earth
The destructive chosen truth that led astray
Into a past-eternity
Disguised as the only future
So that those who love would love in vain


So that those who sought to live
Would seek in vain
So that those who dared to die
Did die in vain




                                      436

All are chained to the idea of the past-eternity
Which came to pass in order that it be the past
Thus it came to past that it might tempt the earth
To be its own.


Would I for all that were
As before the realm of once I am
Before the beginning of the time of now
Before there was/the idea
Ofthe enacted play-on-words


Upon the tree the symbol would
And that is why: a sleeping world/
Lies enchanted by the word of the would-was of the woulding-tree
In the forest of wood-illusion.




                                      437

      WOllLD              I     FOR             ALL        T H A r       WiRE

  lIouJd 1 !.DJl aU iJud..",~
  Would I 1011. !Ala.:iu~             WLlllI.  .u  lJ.Ju a IIU.../A.         .

                    11-  aU iJud. weu L& tJud whl..cJa. IUWLJl emu tD t.c.
                     FOJ! 1M i.MDtJ.1l.    01 tJut woJtld tJu:d
                                                                    kXl.6
                       1.& tJut Light of. tJut ~ tDdDlJ.;
                         And aU i.hat uu u not what I w.UIa. .it weNt.
  Would 1 !-oA aU iJud. weJl.e:A.U tJud ItIOJtd..I, CaNLOt ~;
  ALL tJaDi.    .4'"anon
                                in. tJut woJlld. of. ~렁렁렁렁렁
                           Bounci.I.&u bt tJaDu,Jat MIl /Mit/-' ~
                     AU. that pllHIM1nt dA~ cmInot ~e."""A:
                 TM. ~ tJJ1d IIItUIJJdJt of. AtLU c.onbuat.
             IJJouLd. I f.o~ t.ht!..u. tJJ1d ~ al.otu.
          That 1 ai.tpaL tL tU co.-.lc ~ inAJ.AU I AIaDul.t4
       ~ i.:t WL.U ~ te. aA } w.iAh to w즩.to
  IJouLd I loll f.hlA Ap/vtdid            iJa.i.NJ:
                    A di.fI.vuua:l ~;
             BIlli..cJt. tIaart ~ ~ t.It.U wolcLd. ha.6 euu 1uuut
  WouLd. I /-DA aU that wu.c.. That I aJ.gh:t LW.. cu 1                   WU& to h
     That 1 ..upa,t Liult CU I wtJUld to 4IaDu.Id WouLd. I toll aU that W즇 lAIou fAa                   "7.:1      ALA ~
       TM. ~.. eAoun. tJwJ.h that                                ~
                                          Intoa~~
                                    lllhi..ch CDJU to pa.u
                                In olflUA that Ji t& fh. ptUt.
                            ThuA H      CQIU    Lo pru.& to t&      f!II".'
                       That if. ai.tptt Uuttpt t1tI. iUUIJJt tD te .It'.. c.n.

  Would I    to.4.  aU thai:    IaNtU (U       b/-Du t1tI. MDbt ot       0IlUI QIt&;
  B~.u tJut ~ lAI- t1.Rut of. now렁렁렁01
             Betou       ~ wa.&I.A&           JJIluJ'                ,
                  01. tJut vaac:J.Ml.     plmJ~Jtd..I, upon tJut iAJUt
                    B~ ~l ~                  렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁렁
  TJut Wrpta IJiu,JI
        Thit wollld /.i..u, AbIpJ.ng
          .n.cIuJnJAd ~ tJut wolld of. tJut wou.bJ. wa4
             Of. tJut wouldi.rtlJ~
                In fAIt /-D1tIUt    ot wooct-J.lluuon..




* Facsimile ofthis 1980 version from original Sun Ra typewriter.

                                            438

The X (1972)*

The time of earth is the X of earth


X is the time
X is the Exit
X is the out, emit, cast off ..
X is difinitely equal X ....
X is the aim: Solution sign
The sign of X, the problem X
X is the symbol answer too
Look closely now, detail the view ...
Let's view the X from many points
And we shall see just what we see
And we will know just what we feel
X is the myth-symbolic-real
Come with me and you shall see,
The X's potentially.
X is the symbol name of time
But there is more than one plane time
Dimensions are innumerable
For there are different realms of time
It's time and time and time again
A round of time
Ofdifferent spheres
Precision time is something else
It's on the beam
OfCosmo-light
It's on it's way But then the X is more than X .....
X is multiplicity.
We multiply by using X
So X is like a fruitful sign
X time X is X time X, and
X XX          is X      X    X                 .
   X = times




              ~.-                 Wu::sa

* For a later version, see "Symbolic Meaning OfThe X".

                                         439

Yon Man

Yon man is my enemy
I do not know his name
I have not seen his face
His hands have not touched me
He has never spoken to me
But yon man is my enemy


Yon man is my enemy
He erects monuments to the ugly
And seeks to tear asunder the things of beauty
Yon man is my enemy.




                                     440

You Must Choosel (1972)

A widening ofconcepts is necessary
Another look at the future is required
Look and see the twin road vision light
It is darker than the night
It is the twin-road heraldry
Vibrations of a different kind           .
These kind vibrations kind are just the kind we need
The distance narrows
Weare approaching the twin roads of the future
One day the planet earth must choose to change
And you must choose
There is no other way
Don't forget the alter hints I give to you ....
One day soon you must choose to change
Be sure your intuition's voice is not defied
Or perhaps neglectfully denied.
No other voice will speak to you
No other voice knows what to say           .




                                       441

You Must Choose (1980)

 A widening ofconcepts is necessary
  Another look at the future is required.
 Look and see the twin road vision light
    It is darker than the night           .
 It is the twin-road heraldry
........ Vibrations ofa different kind           .
 These kind vibrations are just the kind we need .....


The distance narrows
Weare approaching the twin roads ofthe future . . . . . .
One day the planet earth must choose to change
........ yes .....
There is no other way.
         Don't forget the alter hints I give to you ....
            The day is soon that you must choose to change ...
      Be sure your intuitions voice is not denied
     Or perhaps unintentionally defied            .
     No other voice will speak to you
    There is nothing left for any other voice to say.




                                        442

[You're on the spaceship Earth]

You're on the spaceship Earth. You're
       outward bound.
On the spaceship Earth. Destination
       unknown.
You're on the spaceship Earth. Destination
       unknown.
You haven't met the captain of
       the spaceship yet, have you??




                                    443


The Prose*


[The Aim ofMy Compositions]


The Aim of My Compositions
All ofmy compositions are meant to depict happiness combined with beauty in a
free manner. Happiness, as well as pleasure and beauty, has many degrees of
existence; my aim is to express these degrees in sounds which can be understood
by the entire world. All ofmy music is tested for effect. By effect I mean mental
impression. The mental impression I intend to convey is that of being alive,
vitally alive. The real aim of this music is to co-ordinate the minds of peoples
into an intelligent reach for a better world, and an intelligent approach to the
living nature. By peoples I mean all of the people of different nations who are
living today.

Techniques I Employ
I always strive to write the sounds I hear both inwardly and outwardly. I use the
simple rules ofharmony as a basis but I employ my own rule as well. My rule is
that every note written or played must be a living note. In order to achieve this, I
use notes like words in a sentence, making each series of sounds a separate
thought. My watchword is precision. I never forget that a sound "sound" isjust
as important as a sound doctrine in a nonmusical field.
We rehearse everyday on new sounds and new approaches to projection.
Projection is very important. Dynamics, melodies that have a story to tell, chords
that alert the ear, contrapuntal rhythms, all combine in my creations to make a
new form ofmodem jazz.

The Songs I Play
Most of my compositions speak of the future. For instance, in this album* we
present FUTURE.. NEW HORIZONS.. TRANSITION... SUN SONG ...
BRAINVILLE. In all ofthese songs I am deliberately attempting to tempt people
to like the higher forms of music. Eventually I will succeed.


The Musicians
To me the musicians I am using are much more that band sectionmen.... each
instrumentalist is a creative artist       capable of dynamic, soul-stirring
improvisation. These men have practiced over twenty hours a week perfecting
      ..........
           '"~                           -
                                  C;zas .

*"Jazz by Sun Ra" (Transition TRLP 10).

                                       447

themselves, so that they are capable ofperforming the most difficult passage or
soloing against the most intricate chord patterns of my compositions, without
mistake or hesitation. They are dedicated to the music of the future.


Poems are Music
Some ofthe songs I write are based on my poems; for this reason, I am including
some of them with this album* in order that those who are interested may
understand that poems are music, and that music is only another form ofpoetry.
I consider every creative musical composition as being a tone poem.


Beauty and the People
In a recent issue of Down Beat (Jan. 9, 1957), Duke Ellington is quoted as
saying that he is not interested in educating people. 1 want to go on record as
stating that I am. We cannot afford to keep people musically ignorant; to cater to
the basest public tastes as "popular" music so often does. I believe it is the duty
of all leaders (music and otherwise) to teach the people, because not to teach
them is compromising with evil. Ignorance is evil. lt is really incredible that
Duke Ellington should say "I DON'T WANT TO EDUCATE PEOPLE"..... My
aim is to educate as many people as 1 can so far as the appreciation and
enjoyment of good jazz music is concerned. The jazz leaders of today must
prepare the way for the jazz of tomorrow. We must live for the future of the
music. Many musicians think that most people are destined to be musically
ignorant but I know that there is a spark in every person which will respond and
glow to the touch of beauty. Because I know this, I am going to continue
presenting beauty to the world until I ignite that spark in people's hearts.


Instruction to the Peoples of Eartht
You must realize that you have the right to love beauty. You must prepare to live
life to the fullest extent. Ofcourse it takes imagination, but you don't have to be
an educated person to have that. Imagination can teach you the true meaning of
pleasure. Listening can be one of the greatest of pleasures. You must learn to
listen because by listening you will learn to see with your mind's eye. You see,
music paints pictures that only the mind's eye can see. Open your ears so that
you can see with the eye of your mind.




*"Jazz by Sun Ra" (Transition TRLP 10).
t This paragraph on "Pictures ofInfinity" LP jacket (1971).

                                         448

Summary
There is a great need for America to give all of its CREATIVE ARTISTS a
chance. I believe that America is big enough and broad enough to realise that it
is not possible to substitute anything for ART and CULTURE. They are
inseparable. The well being of every person on this planet depends upon the
survival and growth of civilization; every civilization is determined, to great
extent, by the scope and development of its ART FORMS.
America must not be afraid to face the future, because the hope ofthis country is
the future; the future is inextricably bound with the decisions America makes
today. One of the decisions America must make is as to whether music is an
ART or merely a commercial gimmick. Now is the time to build a great musical
tradition upon which the music of the future may thrive.
This is the first presentation ofa music seeking for a sound which can express
the yearning and the hope ofall humanity, and the beauty ofthe sure realization
ofthe dream they dream. I know that the dream they dream is LIFE, and LIFE is
the sound I seek to express.




                                       449

The Air Spiritual Man

The earth man and the air/spirit man are two different orders ofbeing. The earth
man is of the earth (as it is written): the spirit man is of the outer regions. The
code of the earth man is not the same as the code of the spirit man. The
application of the code of the earth man is supervised by the code of and the
being ofthe spirit man.


Angel is a race, i.e. an angel belongs to the race ofangels; humans belong to the
race ofhumans. Humans identify themselves by their errors: "To err is human."
Angels identify themselves by their code of precision-discipline. If to err is
human, the human thing to do is make an error.The spiritual man is not to be
judged by anyone, but he is the judge ofeveryone. So, it is written in the Good
Book.


"What fools these mortals be .... Fools rush in where angels fear to tread."
What did they do, the mortals? Are they really the synonym ofthe fool? Are they
so throughly alienated from the orchestral structure ofthe universe, that they are
forever doomed to never feel or know what they are.


Realize: there are choices and decisions, determining factors are apparent ....
without spirit, earthly forms and names are meaningless empty shells. I do not
remember being born, why should I endoctrinate my mind with status quones or
de-energising complacent statements concerning life or so-called birth, besides
that spirit is not born .. it always is. From a spirit point of view everything is
seen differently/from a different perspective.


Whatever I say, don't feel that I seek to depreciate the forms and progress of
society or the people or civilization or the uncivilized, rather do I equation that
every person broaden his scope ofthings in everyday relationship as well as the
presence ofThe GREATER ENDLESS UNIVERSE.


Everything is simple to the simple if the coordinate vibrations coincide. The
wind is outside and inside where there is a vacuum, it surround it. A vacuum is
an inversion like the rest ofthe nothing. Nothing is no but no is the inversion of
the on.The sound is ofthe wind, the wind is not but the not is the note and note
permutated is tone.


The union of the one to the earth: the small cross, then the one above is of the
one below. They are one across the symbolical negative zones ofthe ground, still
it is symbolically positive. That is the end ofthe matter, it is the material aspect

                                        450

mathematical symbolical permutation.


The epi-cosmic scene can not be seen by ordinary standard orientated eyes. It is
this determination that reveals it's nature ... A concentration, a point ofenergy
whence to project, to conceive, to create the nothing ofthe point. Ifit is a black
point, it is black, ifit is a white point it is blank. Point black is symbolical ofthe
line. The straight.


The lateness ofaspects and acts are the reasons for why some do not succeed in
that plane. It is where you are that determines the blackness ofwhich differential
void. There are definitional voids. There are executed voids. Are not all voids
executed? If they are, they are and they are because they are. The energy is the
projected frequency. Sound, soundlessness are both music for soundlessness has
it's own feel and field of sound-degree, it is before, within and after the more
intense vibrations. The presence of soundlessness indicates that it too is alive
and of the melody of the universal melody of the realm Eternal/Epi-cosmo;
Music envisions and potentializes, it limits or extends, it is also of the
psychometric endeavor.


The nothing is the whole note of music, within that nothing is the divisional-
manifestations of the elements of rhythm, and the analyzation quintessence of
the melody.


Words are music whether written or spoken and music is a voice another sound
ofwords. MUSIC IS A VOICE, ANOTHER SOUND OF WORDS. A grammar
and a language as well as a synthesizer, it is the reach towards it's twin
immortality.


Words and music, music and words . . . . words express music and music
expresses words. It is all about expression/indication offeeling/aspect, air, mien,
tone, words.


WORDS.


Some words are dead ends according to the arrangement like book ends are to
books, such words are so to other words; this is not to say they do not mean
anything at all, but rather they are not of the equational balance continuum.
Other words move in an eternity cycle/circle. Like the words are the music, like
the music are the words. They are translations, each ofthe other. They move in
designs/different shapes.


                                           451

There are a special catergory of words that move in spirals. These are the on
words that on things. The words of movement .... like a light that is active
because it is on. Just as one and father are stated to be as one. On and farther are
on (synonym sounds, comparative parallels). Move on is move/on. Farther on is
farther/on.


An executed word is in/on the plane of duality comprehension requirement.


Execution is a hierogly[p]hic sound word. An image-gram of opposed
significance, the light is ofa simliar but diagonal comprehension, according to
trinity evaluation plane.


Some words are of the infinity dictionary and some are of the finite lexicon.
Others serve as communication points ofmeaning and non-meaning between the
heavens and the earth. They are bridge words across the chasm/chaos/abyss of
mystery and misunderstanding, through determination of the duality meaning
presence (or meaning of words). Determination-decision concerning.


Music like other languages in relationship to each other is ofa different system
of sound and phonetic differential. The permutation ofthe series of scales and
notes of chords is just as real as that which happens in words/alphabetical
arrangement-formation version and condensation.


Inversion is permutation as demonstrated in chords. Extension, modification,
ornamentation and application of the eur[h]ythmic principle, all are of the
melody, rhythmic and harmonic structure of music. Music is of many forms
within itself and outside itself as derivative projection creation; under that fact
consideration, it is the foundation and basis of all art.


Al1 creative art is music. Art .. choreography .. sculpture .. portraits ..
artworks, photograph, painting, architectural designs, the forms ofnature: trees,
flowers, grass. Everything vibrational is ofdifferent degrees ofmusic. There is
music everywhere infinite infinity. It is the language of enduring impression.


Rhythm, melody and harmony: melody is of rhythm as rhythm is of melody:
while a harmony is often concealed melody when it moves with the
compositional theme/melody. Variety is the key to movement in composition.


The potentials ofmusic in its relationship to people is still as ifuntouched in any
ofthe spheres such as mental, spiritual, physical., psychic nature .... Musicians
of great worth to this planet have too often been frustrated out of doing what

                                        452

nature intended for them to do; as a result, all too often the substitute ofa more
aggressive but less talented person has taken the place ofthe natural musician-
artist; thus bypassing the masters.


The beauty ofmusic is that it can reach across the border ofreality into the myth
.. Impressions never known before can be conveyed immediately. A sincere
universal mind can universalize the world by the simple act ofdoing so. But that
idea is of the myth and it is of the myth which I speak. The potentials of the
myth is inexpressible because it is of the realm of the impossible.


Myth demands another type of music, it is all because of the necessities of
another age which needs another type ofmusic which has not been ofthe known
reality before. Music then will have a different place in the sun.



* When reality reaches a certain point beyond that point is myth;
Even before the beginning of what is called reality,
Myth is the being before.
When all that is parable possible
Is lived and caused to be,
The hope of continuation being is myth.
Myth from equational wisdom ignorance is IS
The myth is the seemingly false and the seemingly impossible.
The borders of the realm of myth are vast and nonexistent,
Because there is no limit to the imaginative realm idea of the myth.
Here is a challenging frontier; Only the bold and wise-ignorant should pioneer.
The law in the realm ofmyth is non-law to non-mytheist because the
Realm of the myth is the magic presentation of the non-existent non-reality
In a seemingly real form for it is when it is; and yet when it is, it is not.




* From this point on, this essay is almost identical to the poem which was called
"Wisdom-Ignorace", This text seems to predate the other versions, mostly because of
way the lines are arranged and for the inclusion ofthe final line, but for other variations
as well.


                                          453

   The myth touches every field of endeavour so the myth is the bridge
To the greater myth.
   Out upon the planes of myth strange realities dwell, strange because they
are not according to the general law of reality, they are not according
to the propagated law of reality. Reality has it's own thing.
   The non-reality may sometimes be expressed by the word not. Sometimes
     that
which has reached an end is considered as not; so that a problem is posed and
a way out difficulty at the same time. Consider the three "0" 'So
o + 0 = os: the word for opening or mouth.




                                      454

The Dead Past

The civilizations ofthe past have been used as the foundation ofthe civilization
oftoday. Because ofthis, the world keeps looking toward the past for guidance.
Too many people are following the past. In this new space age, this is dangerous.
The past is DEAD and those who are following the past are doomed to die and
be like the past. It is no accident that those who die are said to have passed since
those who have PASSED are PAST.




                                          455

The Hold Of The Held

The hell on earth is different from the Hell in Outer-Space because the Hell in
earth is an inhabited state only it really should be called Held because those who
dwell there are of the past tense. And they are being held in the state of Held.
They are in a state ofjudgement day or way. When the mind is held, the person
is the state of his mind[.] Limitation of the mind brings limitation of the spirit
and limitation of the spirit is the state of Held.


This is the preliminary estimation ofHeld. The earth is a ship at space just like a
boat is a ship at sea and in the same way that a boat has a hold in itself, the earth
being a space-ship has a hold within itself. Within the hold or state ofHeld are
the citizens ofthe past. They did not pass away to a state beyond the earth, they
passed away to a state within the earth. The guard or limit of the earth is the
oath, to those who do not look beyond the earth, the oath is their guard because
it is their guard, it is also their god. That is why it is said that the word was made
flesh and dwelt as the son ofGod and that is why it is said the son ofGod is God
because the son ofGod is said to be the word ofGod and the word ofGod is the
oath ofGod.


According to the state ofbeliefconcerning the oath is the measurement ofthose
who are [of] the earth and those who are not ofthe earth are not ofthe oath: This
is how they should think and it is how they shall be their being.




                                           456

[I always called myself Sun RaJ

I always called myselfSun Ra. I can't remember ever having any other name. At
football games they holler my name - Ra, Ra, Ra - because they want victory.
My words are music and my music is words and none can understand better than
the pure in heart, for they being pure know purity in any guise. Ifsomething or
even nothing does not know its own kind, it is not being kind to itself.


Happiness, as well as pleasure, and beauty, has many degrees ofexistence; my
aim is to express those degrees in sounds which can be understood by the entire
world ... The real aim ofthis music is to coordinate the minds ofpeople into an
intelligent reach for a better world, and an intelligent approach to the living
future.


I would hate to pass through a planet and not leave it a better place. It's
ridiculous to spend all that time and energy and then leave itjust the way it was.
What I'm doing ... is about the destiny of humanity, and what I could possibly
do to help.


I'm actually painting pictures of infinity with my music, and that's why a lot of
people can't understand it. But ifthey'd listen to this and other types ofmusic,
they'll find that mine has something else in it, something from another world.


Space music is an introductory prelude to the sound of greater infinity        It is a
different order of sounds synchronised to the different order ofbeing        It is of,
for and to the Attributes of the Natural Being of the universe.


The impossible attracts me because everything possible has been done and the
world didn't change.


I have a gift to offer this planet, and music is one of the bridges to the treasure
house ofit. I am doing what I am supposed to do, I am being what I came here to
be. Those who are in tune with Nature can hear what those who are not in tune
cannot hear, and then they will know the meaning ofthe natural beist. The space
sea has many sounds ofbeistness. The Akasa, the unknown acoustics, the alter-
planes of isness are all a part ofeverything, the everything and the nothingness
of Space Outer.


So I've chosen intergalactic music or it has chosen me. Intergalactic music
concerns the music of the galaxies. It concerns intergalactic thought the
intergalactic travel, so it is really outside the realm of the future on the turning

                                         457

points of the impossible, but it is still existent, as astronomy testifies.


The intergalactic music is in hieroglyphic-sound: an abstract analysis and
synthesis of man's relationship to the universe, visible and invisible, first man
and second man.


In my intergalactic music every person is a key to something. Every one ofthem
knows something or they don't know nothing, so when it comes time for their
key to speak they'll be in place or out ofplace as required. They are pressed too,
like any other key, and they won't make a sound unless they are pressed. Some
people are like rests, and they won't make a sound when pressed - that seems to
be their function.


I can write something so chaotic you would say you know it's not written. But
the reason it's chaotic is because it's written to be. It's further out than anything
they would be doing if they were just improvising.


(Advice to the Arkestra) Don't try to count this. Ifyou can't feel it, then it's no
good. This is precision music. All the parts mesh together. You play what I write
for you. Nobody else can play that and make it sound right. You're not supposed
to make creations and make mistakes in them. I bet you don't make mistakes in
making love.


I felt that I should always be doing what I was supposed to do on this planet,
regardless ofwhether the planet responded or not, so that the world could never
say that I didn't try to do my spiritual duty. So if there is any reason they have
not heard this music it is most certainly not because I am not available to be
heard.


This music is of the realm of the after-destiny. In order to develop it, I had to
separate myselffrom the world. Such a state ofbeing had its untold splendours.
It is something no one can ever take away from one ... Because ofthe alterstate
of being, my code is different from the code of the world as it is known - or
unknown, if there are some who do not know it. The spriritual development in
some people is not the same as the spiritual development in others. I have to face
the fact that maybe it is not meant that some people should understand.
All that I am is a visitation, and that is the meaning of the natural alter-self. If
you are dissatisfied with yourself in the scheme of things and the altar has not
changed conditions, perhaps you should consider the alter ... The alternative to
limitation is INFINITY.


                                         458

Up to this point, I have felt everyone would appreciate learning something, if
given a chance. Now, however, I have begun to feel that a selfish person cannot
learn certain things. Because ofhis narrowness the world ofthe greater universe
is closed to him until he considers the creator's side of the story. There is a
Creator of the created realm of Beingness. When a person begins to see and
feel his insignificance, then he can see his worth and worthlessness, and see that
sometimes worthlessness and valuelessness and pricelessness are synonyms on
another plane of understanding.


A sound music is to build sound bodies, sound minds and sound beings.




                                       459

[I am not of this planet]

I am not of this planet. I am another order of being. I can tell you things you
won't believe. Twenty years ago I told them all the schools would be closed.
There would be trouble in the colleges, trouble in the elementary schools. I tried
to tell people men would walk the moon. And they told me, "That's ridiculous."
But it happened. And they still say it's ridiculous. I was only trying to get them
to see the coming age. They wouldn't accept that.


Because of segregation, I have only a vague knowledge ofthe white world and
that knowledge is superficial. Because I know more about black than I do white,
I know my needs and naturalness, I know my intuition is to be what it is natural
for me to be - that is the law ofnature everywhere. There are different orders of
being, and I call upon the forces of nature to witness that I have written and I
have said that no order has a right to infringe upon the rights ofanother order of
being, for each order has its own way and weigh ofbeing, just as each colour has
its own vibration. My measurement of race is rate ofvibration - beams, rays ...
In the scheme ofthings even the least ofthe brothers has his day, and when you
realise the meaning of that day, you will feel the presence of an angel in
disguise.


I never wanted to be a part ofplanet Earth, and I did everything not to be a part
ofit. I never wanted their money or their fame, and anything I do for this planet
is because the Creator ofthe Universe is making me do it ... IfI can just void it,
then you have a clean spot in the Universe where Earth once was, and if I have
my way I'll void it, so I can make the Bible full truth. Because it has never done
anything for me but try to stop me, try to make my so-called Life ugly like it did
the rest ofblack people, and tried to make me worship a god that they made, and
now the forces ofthe Universe are tightening up on planet Earth, and they are in
perfect agreement with me and I am a witness against this planet, because they
are not worshipping the Creator, and they have no excuse for fighting against
me, and all I wanted to do was help. Everything they did I'm going to put on the
books, on the books ofheaven itself, because there is no excuse for people being
the way they are, and I am not going to forgive anybody. I don't care whether
they are purple, yellow, green, black, white, or any other colour I've never seen
before ... When people try to destroy the kindness and love in a person, they
deserve the cruellest dimensions that the Creator can cast upon them. I am not
going to pray for them, because enough good men have prayed for them and
died for them. I am not seeking power. I am not seeking leadership - I will lead
nothing like humans. The only reason I'm here is that the Creator got me here
against my will. If I can get out of in any enlightening this planet I'll do so with

                                        460

the greatest of pleasure and let them stay in their darkness, cruelty, hatred,
ignorance and other things they got in their houses ofdeceit.


We need to get offthis planet as fast as possible. We'd better be out there when
here blows up.


I couldn't approach black people with the truth because they like lies. They live
lies. They say, "Love thy neighbour as thyself," but I don't see them doing that. I
don't think of Negroes as my brothers ... I'm a demon. They respect that. I'm
going to beat the superficiality out of them. I'm going to beat them and beat
them and beat them. Ifyou see me playing before black folks, you'll see they're
uncomfortable because I'm playing beauty and they're ugly. I can cleanse
Negroes and whites too with my sounds. A good brain-wash would be lovely for
them.


At one time I felt that white people were to blame for everything, but then I
found out they're just puppets and pawns ofsome other greater force, which has
been using them. And giving them a lot ofmoney and giving them everything to
make them feel, "Oh well, I'm supreme.." It fooled them - made a fool out of
THEM too - and also made a fool out ofblack people. Some force is having a
good time off both of them, and looking, enjoying itself in a reserved seat,
wondering, "I wonder when they're going to wake up."


Every time they bypass someone who had something really worthwhile, they will
have to go all the way back to try to find out what was happening ... If there is
something they are supposed to do at a certain time and they don't do it, then
everything is all wrong for them. Looking at the state ofthe world today, I can
say yes, they must have bypassed something of value ... It will take a master
spirit to do anything about it ... because humanity is very vast and very involved
and an ordinary man can't tackle it. It's too big. He can't do anything about it,
because he'll have to understand everything at one time and then at other times
know nothing at all. He'll have to be the epitome ofwisdom and the bottomless
depth of ignorance.


But people always seem to reject the good things in the world. It's very hard to
develop a man who speaks of love and non-violence, like Martin Luther King.
Very hard. And then the world destroys him ... Something will have to take his
place. And a time will come when the forces that give things will say, "They
don't want anything groovy, so they shall have something bad."


This is where the hippies come in. They know that. They don't know exactly

                                        461

what it is but they feel it, because this natural instinct tells them, "You have got
to go another way." And they know that. It's a good sign for a race when you
have some people who really recognize that. You haven't had that too much in
the black race.


I think in terms of a natural being. I don't think in terms of a supreme being,
because everything is part ofhim. He wouln't be supreme; it'sjust sort ofpart of
him. Not necessarily 'divine'. Divine seems to be synonymous with something
good. Whatever is controlling this whole thing is not necessarily good ... This
natural being is neither really good nor evil. Don't think of people as bad or
good. None of them are good, but they can do some good things. I would say
none of them are bad, but they can do some bad things.


When somebody's loved, they don't destroy.


I would tell people on this planet that there are forces: their job is to slow you
up. And you supposed to keep moving.




                                         462

"I Have A Gift To Offer...II (c. 1978)*

"I have a gift to offer this planet and music is one of the bridges to the treasure
house ofit. I am doing what 1am supposed to do, 1am being what 1came here to
be. Those who are in tune with Nature can hear what those who are not in tune
cannot hear, and then they will know the meaning ofthe natural beist. The space
sea has many sounds ofbeistness. The Akasa, the unknown acoustics, the alter-
planes of isness are all a part ofeverything, the everything and the nothingness
of Space Outer."




*This prose piece, extracted from "My Music Is Words" and "[I always called myself
Sun Ra]", is printed on the back of"Song ofthe Stargazers" LP jacket and in a Saturn
brochure available c. 1978.


                                        463

The Impossible (1965)*

"The impossible is the watchword of the greater space age" The space age
cannot be avoided and the SPACE MUSIC is the key to understanding the
meaning of the IMPOSSIBLE and every other enigma.




*Printed on the "Interstellar Low Ways" LP jacket. The original text is in all capitals,
with certain words in a larger font (given here as all caps.)


                                         464

In this age

In this age ofOuter Space challenge, People will have to change their tune, i.e.
they will have to be tuned up or down (according to what is necessary) another
way. The intergalactic counsil has a different tuning system. The insistent idea is
that people will have to change their tune and that tuning should be in tune with
the intergalactic outer universe which is everything which is not yet in. And this
is the meaning of the Kingdom of not and its phonetic note. Note!


This is about note and notes. Notes are written messages which can be conveyed
into sound. So that the kingdom of sound is an equational similarity to the
kingdom of notes which in this case is the music but the music of not touches
upon the realm of myth of the outer-alter potential . . . The eternal endless
mythology spectrum hieroglyphic parallel/duology presence.


This music is about multiplicity and simplicity of paradox when the code is
known. Sometimes the threads from the inner not/myth are woven into the fabric
of infinity sound presentation for the sake of comparison enlightenment
revelation.


Its is about nature and its equational beauty/transcendent art.


To me this music is of discipline-form because freedom is an earth deviation
futility if it is of the stumbling block variety. Take care!


This music is blueprint/declaration ofdifferent kinds of potentials.


The myth is not but not is the future potential ... as I said, phonetic differentials
point to another kind ofworld ... for instance something that has already been .
. . you could say that's not, but something that has never been, you could say
that's not ... so I would say that the future that you know nothing of is not ...
This is ofthe differential evaluation.


                    The primary enigma is the being and the been as
                     to differntial relationship ...
                     That which been: isn't
                     And that which be: is




                                           465

These are the words of the future
From the cosmic law
Ofthe united worlds.
That turn like jewels in the eternal sky
Thus it is spoken and thus it is.




                     466

My Music Is Words

Some people are ofthis world, others are not. My natural selfis not ofthis world
because this world is not of my not and nothingness, alas and happily, at last I
can say this world is this unfortunate planet. The destiny of this planet is at
stake, one fatal further mistake can cause its long delayed destruction. One fatal
mistake can be its last mistake. The future is obvious, but the potential
impossible is calling softly and knocking gently ... calling softly to the natural
selves of nothingness according to the standards of infinity nature and infinity
nature's BEING .... knocking gently upon the door ofthose who are ofnature
and nature's God.


There are other dimensions and the equation of it is every other world in the
infinity of the universe. This is the why of the music I represent; and this is the
why of the image of a better world: the alter-life for the alter-life is different
from the life of this world. This is a mean world, and by the same token, it is a
poor world, poor in spiritual values, void of natural contact with the natural-
infinity/otherness Being.


Suddenly, now is different from the once I knew and the things I do and say are
of necessity a magnification and at the same time a nullification ofcalculated
myths and vicar-images. Nature          intuition ... psychic harmonization ...
NATURE ... INTUITION                 PSYCHIC HARMONIZATION! LIVING
SYMBOLS OF DISCIPLINE                happiness for and from the greater universe.


Because of segregation, I have only a vague knowledge ofthe white world and
that knowledge is superficial; because I know more about black than I do white .
. . I know my needs and naturalness ... I know my intuition is to be what it is
natural for me to be . . . that is the law of nature everywhere . . . there are
different orders of being and I call upon the forces of nature to witness that I
have written and I have said that no order has a right to infringe upon the rights
ofanother order ofbeing, for each order has its own way and weigh ofbeing ...
just as each color has its own vibration .... My measurement of race is rate of
vibration-beams ... rays .... Hence the black rays is a simple definition of
itself/phonetic revelation. I do what I have to do according to my natural order of
being because that is how it has to be and at the same time that is why. That is
why and because; because in the scheme ofthings, even the least ofbrothers has
his day and when you realize the meaning ofthat day, you will feel the presence
ofan angel in disguise. If an angel led the exodus out of Egypt, why can't an
angel lead some others somewhere else. Consider: what is the value ofa dying
world? Or even the life of it, ifthat so-called life is cruel meaninglessness ... ?

                                        467

Ifyou do not understand anything else, understand this ... that the least ofthe
brothers in his humbleness and understanding ofthe weakness and the strength
ofeverything is the initiator and the interpreter ofthe dimensions ofthe infinity .
 . and that is why there is a black angel race ofbeings or soul-mates.


Freedom to me means the freedom to rise above a cruel planet. FREEDOM TO
ME MEANS THE FREEDOM TO RISE ABOVE A CRUEL PLANET AND
TRUE PROTECTION IS PROTECTION BY THE BROTHERS OF NATURE
AND NATURES GOD ... INFINITY EVERNESS .... ["]The lifting up shall
be the casting down," and it is written that he cast upon them in his anger and
fury "a band ofevil angels." ... My words are the music and my music are the
words because it/is of equation is synonym of the Living Being ... darkness
upon the phase of the deep ... the face phase ... the eye of infinity ... black
equation from and of the angelic is ... the immeasurable ARE.


When I speak offreedom, I do not speak ofthe freedom ofthe land ofliberty or
the freedom ofany land ofthis plane ofexistence, for this plane ofexistence is
only a temporary illusion ... shadows and images that sometimes intermingle
with the delusion sent for "he sent upon them a strong delusion in order that they
might believe a lie;" but and then, there is more than one lie.


The tree ofthe knowledge ofgood and evil is forbidden as far as the fruit ofit is
concerned but so is the tree of life. What price forbidden fruit and forbidden
trees to those to whom it is forbidden? Did you ever see a voice walking? Ifyou
didn't, it is probably because you did not realize the meaning and significance of
the word the voice.


These are indeed perilous times. They are perilous to every man, woman or child
 .. If the white race chooses to ignore that warning it is already ofthe past ...
Yet even now I feel a great pity for those who may not listen before it is too late.
 .. Never comes tomorrow ... comes tomorrow never ... tomorrow comes
never . . . never tomorrow comes . . . tomorrow never comes . . . comes never
tomorrow ... there is always the alter-fate ... elastic spiral potential infinity
discipline other planes myth reality.


What is this world to me? it is truly nothing; I have sought to bypass it rather
than to become a part of it, because it has no known diplomatic relationships
with the Creator Creater ofthe infinity universe. The truth concerning this planet
is indeed dreadful to behold, how strange it is that the truth should reach the
state of the dreadful!


                                       468

Yes the truth is that the truth is bad as far as this planet is concerned. The
neglected mathematics of MYTH is the equation differential potential
impossible potential potential potential otherness alter-isness.


My music is words and my words are music. Why should only 144,000
understand? Yet if I am not of this world why should I care? There is great
darkness and why not ifthey dare to obscure the name ofthe sun and why not if
they dare to be rebellious, and why not ifI have been abused and neglected and
bypassed. My words are music and my music is words and none can understand
better than the pure in heart, for they being pure know purity in any guise. If
something or even nothing does not know its own kind, it is not being kind to
itself.


My words are music and the music is words but sometimes the music is of the
unsaid words concerning the things that always are to be, thus from the unsaid
words which are ofnot because they are ofthose things which always are to be.
. . . nothing comes to be in order that nothing shall be because nothing from
nothing leaves nothing.


The music comes from the void, the nothing, the void, in response to the burning
need for something else. And that something else is something else/this nothing,
this outer nothing is out ofnothing, it is the music ofthe spheres. The symbol for
every sphere is the sign ofnothing: 0 ... The spiral is another type ofnothing .
. . it is ofthe onward reach.


When one is primary-young ... all the ideas in the world converge in counsel
and through disguised declarations play upon one's brain like fingers upon some
tender instrument . . . then there are then the impressionable days of
splendor/electric naturalness/ flash lightning touch upon the time negatives of
variable universe and what one feels is better considered as the music of the
unsaid words. That is one approach, but there are myriad approaches.*

My early approach to music was in recognition ofall types and forms ofmusic
as being ofgreat importance in the scheme oforder and chaos, intelligence and
ignorance ... the scheme ofthings, the general and the rare ... the priceable and
the priceless. To me all types of music are music but all types ofmusic are not
Space Music. According to my weigh ofthings: Space music is an introductory



* This paragraph is basically an early version ofthe poem "OfVariable Universe".

                                         469

prelude to the sound ofgreater infinity. It is not a new thing project to me, as this
kind of music is my natural being and presentation. It is a different order of
sounds syncronised to the different order of Being.


I am the least of the brothers again as far as popular jazz is concerned, that is
why I had the time to develop and discipline the outer-infinity coordination
sound. Along the way I tried to interest popular Jazz musicians in the ideas I
wanted to share with them so that we could be brothers in a pleasant as well as
profitable sound venture for them as well as the listeners. They were not
pioneers for the togetherness I represented, finally I decided to keep moving on
the outward onward plane for On is synonym of the Sun ... after all what is
there better than the expression of the you in the interplay of the self and the
alter-self when the myth abstracts sound their sound.


The natural Jazz musicians I knew during my early formative years were a
pleasure to know ... they were sincere and unselfish .... It was always a great
pleasure to hear them play for they had so many things to say in a spontaneous
and natural manner, the music they played was not conventional, nor was it in
popular jazz commercial form.


During my years in High School I played and studied all forms ofmusic and the
theory of the same . . . .


My relatives liked Bessie Smith, Ida Cox, Ethel Waters and other Race artists
and they always took me to the theater to see and hear the Race artists perform
whether they were great or small.


I believe that the first Jazz record I ever heard was by Fletcher Henderson, his
records were a part ofthe record collection my relatives possessed. Later I added
Duke Ellington, Art Tatum, Earl Hines, Fats Waller, Teddy Hill, Chick Webb,
Lionel Hampton, Sunset Royals, Tiny Bradshaw, Louis Armstrong, Henry Red
Allen, Jay McShann, Charlie Parker, and the other Bop greats.


Of course there were others. I used to search for everything that was new or
different. There were some white bands like Boyd Raeburn and Stan Kenton
until one day I found out that black arrangers were the major source of their
ideas and that black arrangers and composers were BUILDING WHITE
BANDS WHICH FINALLY TOOK THE PLACE OF THE BLACK BANDS
WHICH FORMERLY HAD PLAYED THE TOP JAZZ SPOTS OF THE
WORLD. These arrangers probably had their reasons for doing what they did,
financial perhaps ... I never got around to ask them why. I do know that the

                                        470

black race as a whole did not wholly support what is called Jazz, they did
support blues and gospel and their derivatives. Even the Negro intellectual did
not seem to understand the meaning ofJazz and its contribution to the cultures
ofthe world at large.


I appreciate all types of music but some music I find is not conducive to my
development spiritually and otherwise. Basically speaking, the giants of Jazz I
mentioned earlier were the musicians I listened to as a child. They had so much
to say to me that I needed to hear, and in this kind of world I found that there
was no one else who could say it the way they could; because all at once when
they played, there was hope and happiness and natural beauty. Then something
began to happen to Jazz, the Jazz musician was commercialized and packaged
and Jazz began to be a product of and from the white world. In many cases, it
was supervised at the recording sessions by white A and R men particularly
during the reign of Bop. Since I was not a product of the white world, I found
that I could not fit comfortably in the place they had reserved for the black
musician .. so I did not compromise and I did not lose my naturalness. What I
am playing is my natural way ofplaying. It is of, for and to the Attributes ofthe
Natural Being ofthe universe ofwhich is, and it is to everything that should be
is, because to me it is natural.


I have a gift to offer this planet and music is one of the bridges to the treasure
house ofit. I am doing what I am supposed to do, I am being what I came here to
be. Those who are in tune with Nature can hear what those who are not in tune
cannot hear, and then they will know the meaning ofthe natural beist. The space
sea has many sounds ofbeistness. The Akasa, the unknown acoustics, the alter-
planes of isness are all a part ofeverything, the everything and the nothingness
of Space Outer.


Under terrific opposition, I have tried to show and demonstrate my goodwill to
the world, simply because I know this can be a better world for every person,
people or peoples. All that I am is a visitation and that is the meaning of the
natural alter-self. Ifyou are dissatisfied with yourselfin the scheme ofthings and
the altar has not changed conditions, perhaps you should consider the alter. After
all if anything changes, it will be through the word alter/alteration/alternative
because how can you dare to speak ofchange ifyou do not have an alternative?
The alternative to limitation is INFINITY. Yet, be warned! Infinity is precision
discipline. Infinity being INFINITY is naturally of duality because and as it is
written, "The secrets of wisdom are double to that which is."


NEW YORK, NEW YORK                   JANUARY 29, 1968            SUNRA

                                         471

The Number One*

Basis of all life is one. The basis of all numbers is one. It is the beginning, the
basis by which the rest ofthe nine numbers were created. The number "one" in
symbolism, stands for the sun. They represent all that is creative, individual, and
positive. People born under the birth number of "one" or any of its series, has
the underlying principle of being creative, inventive, strongly individual, very
definitive in his or her ways/views, and in consequence more or less somewhat,
obstinate and determined in all they, as individuals undertake. This applies to all
men and women born under the number one, such as on the 1st, 10th, 19th, or
28th of any month, more especially so if they happen to be born between the
21st of July and the 28th of August, which is the period of the zodiac called
"House of the Sun," or from the 21st of March to the 28th of April, the period
when then Sun enters the Vernal Equinox, and is considered elevated and all
powerful during this period. It is for this reason that people born under the
number "one" in these special and particular periods must have the qualities
given to all number "one" people in a distinctly more marked degree.


Number one people are ambitious, they dislike the restraints, they always rise in
whatever their profession or occupation may be. These number one people
should endeavor to carry out their most important plans and ideas on all days
that vibrate to their own numbers, such as on the 1st, 10th, 19th, and 28th ofany
month, and mainly during the periods from the 21st ofJuly to the 28th ofAugust
and the 21st of March to the 28th of April.


What is your soul number? Is your number up or down?




* This text in two parts from the back cover ofthe Saturn LP "The Soul Vibrations of
Man" is not signed, and cannot be attributed difinitively to Sun Ra.. While there are
reasons against such an attribution, particularly that there are no other astrological
writings of Sun Ra, we believe this piece should be attributed to Sun Ra. The use of
words combined with a slash, the inconsistent grammer and spelling (e.g. effect vs.
affect) and the general vocabulary are indicative ofSun Ra's writing. Strangely though,
Sun Ra himselfdoes not qualify as a "number one person" since his date ofbirth is May
22, 1914, a fact he would have known, though it was not known to others at the time of
publication (1977). Karlheinz Stockhausen, on the other hand, qualifies supremely with
a birthdate of August 28, 1928. Note that even his year of birth can be qabbalisticly
interpreted as 19 and 28, both ofwhich are "one" numbers (i.e. the digits add up to 10
which digits add up to one).


                                          472

Is it 2,8,9, or 7? What is your vibrating number? What is your soul vibration
number? Do the earth-bound beast nature in you rule you? If yes, why? How
does man control his beast/nature? What effects does the 13th sign have on
man? What effects does the 13th sign have on the wild and sub-primitive
beast/vibration in man? How does the 13th sign of the Zodiac affect the
Constructive Creative Development ofthe Psychic, Spiritual Astral, Etheric, etc.,
nature consciousness in man? What is the function of the 13th sign toward
developing the angelic consciousness in man? What is the function ofthe 13th
sign toward developing the Gods in the Becoming Consciousness/Nature in
man?


What is the one simple fact required by the Gods, that you should know about
the 13th sign?




                                      473

[This is the music]

This is the music heralding and reiterating the presence of another age... The
Space Age. At this time since so many voices are speaking to the peoples of
planet Earth, I hesitate to add my voice to the uproar, yet I find that what I have
to say, I must say it now and since I feel that I can say things quicker by the
medium and universal language of music, I have spoken.
More I need not say, except that we are moving rapidly and splendidly to a
rendezvous with a better destiny; a better weigh and way of life.




                                      474

To Whom It May Concern*

To Whom It May Concern:


It is not my natural policy to want to destroy the different governments that men
feel are necessary for their needs and happiness. I do feel that in their
governments they have seriously neglected music as a vital factor in human
relationships and that musicians have been left at the mercy ofthe worst type of
exploitation and hostil[e] environment.


The type of governments that men have today are the type ofgovernments that
they deserve and I am not saying anything about governments because as long as
men don't change, governments will always be just as they have always been
under the jurisdiction of man.


I do not feel that America which is a country based on spiritual concepts should
deny those who are spiritual who feel that they can contribute more to humanity
by being their natural spiritual selves.


I am not trying to reform the world. I am not trying to be a selfordained leader
ofa cult or any ofthose things that have been thought and said by other people. I
am only offering what I have to offer in the sincereness ofmy heart to those who
might have need ofwhat I am saying. I am only doing that which it is natural for
me to do.


I do not have contempt for governments. What would men do without
governments, since there are so many ofthem? Still I feel that men are limited in
their vision and in the things which they can do for a person and if they are
limited I like to feel it is not because they are keeping anyone else from trying.


America has proven itselfto be a very efficient government despite mistakes for
they 'To err is human' ... I am not in politics, still I am offering what I have to
offer to the world in the only way I know how to do so.




* This prologue was printed in the first two volumes of The Immeasurable Equation,
twice in the first volume, The second printing in the first volume is missing the last
paragraph.




                                          475

[you just know local music]

you just know local music, world music isn't easy to hear all at once. It takes
time for it to reach you. But it will.


You couldn't have one form ofmusic unless you just have one form ofperson,
and then you wouldn't need but one man - what good would the rest of them
be? But as long as you have different forms of people, you'll have to have
different forms ofmusic, because each person is music himselfand he'll have to
express what he is or have his spirit companion do it for him.


Jazz is based upon the spontaneous improvisation principle. Pure jazz is that
which is without preconceived notion, or it is just being, and that's really my
definition ofjazz.


While in high school I never missed a band, whether a known or an unknown
unit. I loved music beyond the stage ofliking it. Some ofthe bands I heard never
got popular and never made hit records, but they were truly natural Black
beauty. I want to thank them, and I want to give honour to all the sincere
musicians who ever were or ever will be. It's wonderful to even think about such
people. The music they planned was a natural happiness oflove, so rare I cannot
explain it. It was fresh and courageous; daring, sincere, unfettered. It was
unmanufactured avant garde, and still is, because there was no place for it in the
world; so the world neglected something of value and did not understand.


I feel the colleges are looking for something that's different, but I feel that there
are some blocks between my music and the people who would understand what
I'm talking about and could help me ... I hope that the people can knock those
clocks down so they can get to the music ... Because I took time out to study
what they know, and it's nice, and they should take time out to study what I
know, and they should compare it to what they know, so they can get someplace.


A lot of successful musicians and some people who say they are musicians are
talking against innovators ofmusic. It's very bad to find that musicians want to
restrict another musician. I don't see the artists restricting the artists ... Now
they're trying to be selfish in an art that you're not supposed to be selfish in.
Because you can go all the way back and see that the musicians used to be
minstrels, troubadors. They weren't selfish - they were out there playing for
people ... They gave what they had to give because they were interested in
people and they came out and brought something people needed.


                                       476

Fortunate are the people to whom and for whom a ransom ofmusic is sent where
captors and captives dwell in disguised expectation of something better.




                                     477


Appendices


The Sun Ra Library

                   Compiled by John F. Szwed & James Jacson,
                     edited by James L. Wolf (December 2000),
           revised and annotated by Klaus DetlefThiel (January 2005)


                                    Sun Ra was buying books every place, every week.
                      (Tommy Hunter, conversation with Peter Hinds, sept. 16, 1998)

                        And I'm right in the midst ofit. I got the literature. Halfofthe
                           things you've seen, that's nothing compared to what I have.
                                (Sun Ra, conversation with Peter Hinds, dec. 11, 1989)
                                          (Sun Ra Research # 39, p. 8 and # 32, p. 20)

One day after may 30 h, 1993 John F. Szwed and James Jacson went through the
                        t


shelves of Sun Ra's personal library with a tape recorder in hand and listed all
the titles. This list was transcribed by James Wolfand edited in an e-mail for the
Saturn Mailing List. I tried to check every title, to correct some mistakes, and to
gather further information. Of course I have indicated the many valuable
remarks in John F. Szwed: Space Is the Place. The Lives and Times ofSun Ra
(New York: Pantheon Books 1997, reprint Edinburgh: MOJO Books 2000).
From Szwed I added the reading list Sun Ra gave to his students at Berkeley in
1971, and further titles. And I want to thank James L. Wolf who sent me his
precious reviews for the Saturn Mailing List from 1996 to 1998.
All additional bibliographical data are within parenthesis. Needless to mention,
the 170 entries listed below are by far only a small fragment of Sun Ra's life-
long reading itinerary. It's amazing to see how many rare and older editions from
around 1900 he had. I admit that I haven't seen most ofthe books (yet - most of
them are indeed hardly available in European libraries, and some of them not
even in the USA). But judging from my other philosophical studies I think I can
say that Sun Ra did follow his path with an impressive consequence. He must
have known everything about those traditions that are below or beyond the
surface of public acceptance: Black history, politics and folklore, Egyptology,
theosophy, occultism, magic, cabbala, alchemy, astrology, astronomy, esoteric
wisdom ofall sorts and ages, etc. etc. But one should keep in mind what he said:
I've studieddifferent philosophies, different religions, anddifferentpeople, and
in my study I have acquired a conviction that something is lacking in most
cultures, in each country, in each religion, in each philosophy ... I discovered
the flaw. These people are never in tune with nature. (quoted after Szwed 308
sq.)
So let's take a glimpse into the Poison Cabinet!
                                                                 Klaus DetlefThiel
                                          481

A. E. Abbot (pseudonym): Encyclopedia 0/ Numbers. Their Essence and
     Meaning. A Treasury ofEsoteric Teachings on Numbers and Rhythms in
     Human Life, with a Dictionary of Mathematicians, Philosophers,
     Occultists and Writers on Numbers, London: Emerson Press (date ?),
     reprint London: Kessinger 1962 (522 p.)
     Abbot published other books on occult sciences. Kessinger is a Masonic
     publishing house.
R. B. Ambler: Color Therapy, Calcutta 1965
Alice A. Bailey & Djwhal Khul: A Treatise on Cosmic Fire (1925), New York:
     Lucis Publ. Co. 1962 (1.367 p.)
     Dedicated to H. P. Blavatsky. D. Khul was a Tibetan monk. The book is
     said to be the psychological key to Cosmic Creation.
Harold Bayley: The Lost Language ofSymbolism. An Inquiry into the Origin of
     Certain Letters, Words, Names, Fairy-Tales, Folklore, and Mythologies, 2
     vols. (1912/1913), Totawa, New Jersey: Rowman & Littlefield 1968
     (several reprints)
    The Scottish scholar suggests that emblem trademarks and paper
     watermarks of the Middle Ages were not only trade signs, but also
     hieroglyphics: thought-fossils or thought-crystals that revealed the mystical
    tenets offorbidden sects, or secret meanings behind some ofour most basic
     legends.
John Beattie: Bunyoro. An African Kingdom. Case Studies in Cultural
    Anthropology, New York: Holt, Rinehart & Winston 1960 (86 p., tables,
    map)
Henry Bettenson (ed.): Documents ofthe Christian Church, Oxford University
                   nd
    Press 1963, 2 ed. 1992 (XVII+343 p.)
The Bhagavad Gita
A. C. Bhaktivedanta: Krsna. Supreme Personality of Godhead, New York:
    Bhaktivedanta Trust 1970
Blackie's Etymology, London (Szwed 104)
Helena Petrovna Blavatsky: The Secret Doctrine. The Synthesis of Science,
    Religion, and Philosophy, 3 vols., London: The Theosophical Publ.
    Society / New York: William Q. Judge / Adyar, Madras: The Manager of
    the Theosophist 1888-93
    vol. 1: Cosmogenesis, vol. 2: Anthropogenesis, vol. 3: General Index and
    Bibliography. - Central work ofBlavatsky (1831-1891), Russian founder
    ofthe modem form ofTheosophy (Szwed 87, 107 sq., 135).
Gustaf Bolinder: Devilman 's Jungle. Secret African Societies, New York: Roy
     1954 (London: Dobson 1954, reprint Pahrump: Library of New Atlantis
    2001; 190 p.)

                                     482

     Swedish anthropologist and novelist (1888-1957), from 1910 on research
     in the northern parts of south America.
Boston Napoleon Bonaparte Boyd: Revised Search Light on the Seventh DaJ'
    Bible and X-Ray, by Organic, Supernatural and Artificial Science.
    Discoveries of the Twentieth Century, Greenville, North Carolina: by
    author, 1924
     Boyd, born into slavery in 1860, published two other books, both subtitled
    Discoveries ofthe Twentieth Century: The Seventh Wonder ofthe World,
     Washington, D. C. 1903, and Search Light on the Seventh Wonder ...,
    Greenville 1905. He develops a radical view ofthe Bible: Adam and Abel
    were black and positive, Eve and Cain were white and negative and they
    produced the white race. Jesus was a black man born ofMary, his goal was
    to bring back the "seed" ofthe white woman into the fold ofthe black man
    etc. (Wolf)
Michael Bradley: The Iceman Inheritance. Prehistoric Sources of Western
    Man's Racism, Sexism and Aggression, introd. by John Henrik Clarke,
    New York: Kayode 1978
    Clarke was Professor Emeritus ofAfrican World History at Hunter College
    in New York. Bradley's thesis, repeated by many extremists: This is a
    racist book. Racism is the predisposition ofbut one race ... the white race,
    the problem with the world is white men and the problem with white men
    is biological.
Johanna Brandt: The Grape Cure, 1928 (several reprints)
    About using grapes to cure cancer.
Brawn the Iconoclast: The Writings of W C. Brawn, New York: The Brawn
    Publications 1896, 2 vols.
James Henry Breasted: The Conquest of Civilization (New York 1926), new
    revised ed. New York: Harper 1938 (The Literary Guild of America;
    XII+669 p.)
    Breasted (1865-1935), US orientalist, archaeologist and historian, wrote
    extensively on ancient civilizations. Founder ofthe Oriental Institute at the
    University of Chicago, which began in 1922 with a grant from John D.
    Rockefeller, Jr., he contributed to the development of the idea of a
    ,Western Civilization' by broadening the definition of Europe's cultural
    roots to include the entire 'Near East', well beyond the traditional fixation
    on just Greece and Rome.
Martin Buber: Moses. The Revelation and the Covenant, Oxford/London: East
    & West Library 1946 (Phaidon Press)
    Transl. from the German text that was published two years later (ZOrich:
    Gregor MUller 1948). Buber (1878-1965), great Jewish philosopher and
    religious teacher.

                                      483

The Teachings ofBuddha
Ernest Alfred Wallis Budge: The Book of the Dead. The Hieroglyphic
     Transcript and Translation into English ofthe Ancient Egyptian Papyrus
     Ani, with a comprehensive Introduction and Commentary (1895),
     University Books 1960 (704 p., reprint 1999)
Ernest Alfred Wallis Budge: Egyptian Magic, London: Kegan, Paul, Trench and
     Triibner&Co 1901 (234p.)
Ernest Alfred Wallis Budge: The Gods ofthe Egyptians. Studies in Egyptian
     Mythology, 2 vols., 1904 (XXXIV+956 p., reprint Mineola, New York:
     Dover 1959)
Ernest Alfred Wallis Budge: Egyptian Language. Easy Lessons in Egyptian
     Hieroglyphics, London: Routledge & Kegan Paul 1910 (246 p., reprint
     Mineola, New York: Dover 1983)
Ernest Alfred Wallis Budge: Osiris and the Egyptian Resurrection, 2 vols.,
     reprint 1971
     Budge (1857-1934), knighted 1920, Curator of Egyptian and Assyrian
     Antiquities at the British Museum from 1894 to 1924, Scholar at Christ's
    College, at the University ofCambridge, and Hebrew Scholar, published a
     lot ofbooks and translations, was involved in numerous archaeology digs
     in Egypt, Mesopotamia and the Sudan, gathered large collections ofCoptic,
    Arabic, Ethiopian, Egyptian papyri (Szwed 65).
Carleton Bullis: Harmonic Forms, Cleveland: Clifton 1933 - music theory
Thomas H. Burgoyne (Zanoni): The Light 0.[Egypt, or the Science ofthe Soul
    and the Stars, vol. 1 (1889; vol. 2: 1900), reprint Denver: H. O. Wagner
     1965
E. M. Butler: Ritual Magic (Cambridge University Press 1949), reproNew York:
    Noonday Press 1959
Dr. George Washington Carey & Inez Eudora Perry: God-Man. The Word Made
    Flesh, Los Angeles: The Chemistry of Life Co. 1920 (176 p.)
    In six pamphlets the authors claim that the Bible is made up of66 different
    books by 66 different authors writing about the physiology of the human
    body.
Carlos Castaneda: The Teachings ofDon Juan. A Yaqui Way 0.[Knowledge,
    Simon & Schuster 1968 (several reprints)
Edgar Cayce: Comments on the Book ofRevelations, Virginia Beach, VA: ARE
    Publ. (Association for Research and Enlightenment) 1970
Edgar Cayce: On Atlantis, New York 1968
    Cayce (1877-1945), a well known psychic, visionary or clairvoyant, whose
    collected works take up 24 volumes, predicted in 1936 that thefirst signs
    0.[Atlantis rising would occur in the Bahamas, near the island 0.[Bimini,


                                     484

     and that this would happen in either 1967 or 1968. In these years Sun Ra
     records Atlantis in New York, with Bimini.
W. H. Clarke: Travels and Explorations in Yoruba Land, Ibadan, Nigeria:
     University Press 1972
Aleister Crowley: The Qabalah ofAleister Crowley. Three Texts, ed. & introd.
     by Israel Regardie, New York: Samuel Weiser 1973 (304 p.)
     Contains three texts by the British magus Crowley (1875-1947), written
     1909-14: Liber 777 vel Prolegomena Symbolica ...; Gematria; Sepher
     Sephiroth.
Harriette Augusta & F. Homer Curtiss: The Key ofDestiny. Sequel to " The Key
     to the Universe" (1915), San Gabriel, California: Willing 1923 (and
     reprints; XII+328 p.)
     The authors, Christian esoterists, interpret the numbers 1-10 and, in this
     sequel, 11-22; theosophic, cabbalistic, occult, Tarot.
Shaykh Muhammed ad-Darqawi: Letters 0./' a Sufi Master, transl. Titus
     Burckhardt, London: Perennial Books 1969
    ad-Darqawi was founder of a major branch of the Shadhiliyyah Order in
                            th/19th
     North Africa in the 13        century.
John Dee: The Hieroglyphic Monad (1564), New York: Samuel Weiser 1975
     Dee, magician and astrologer of Queen Elisabeth I., is said to be the true
     inspirator of Rosicrucian movement. Using alchemistic, mystic and
    combinatoric sources (from Ramon Lull), he develops a magical-
     cosmological alphabet of geometric signs.
Henry Dumas: Play Ebony, Play Ivory, ed. Eugene B. Redmond, New York:
     Random House 1974 (134 p.)
Henry Dumas: Ark ofBones and Other Stories (1970), ed. Eugene B. Redmond.
     New York, Random House (1974)
     Poet Dumas, born 1934, in Sweet Home, Arkansas, was shot to death by a
     policeman in a New York subway on May 23, 1968, in a case of 'mistaken
     identity'. He was a close friend of Sun Ra (Szwed 223).
Albert Einstein: Out ofMy Later Years, New York: Philosophical Library 1950
    Collection of articles, adresses, letters etc., from 1934 to 1950.
Benjamin B. Ferencz & Ken Keyes, Jr.: Planethood. The Key to Your Survival
    andProsperity, foreword Robert Muller, Coos Bay, Oregon: Vision Books
     1988 (188 p.)
    Ferencz, former US Army prosecutor at Nuremberg, has a plan to secure
    world peace by establishing international legal mechanisms. He calls for a
    world democratic republic, a world constitution, world laws, a world court
    with compulsory jurisdiction, and a world government, all based on the
    model of the US Constitution.


                                      485

Theodore P. Ford: God Wills the Negro. An Anthropological and Geographical
    Restoration ofthe Lost History ofthe American Negro People, Being in
    Part a Theological Interpretation ofEgyptian andEthiopian Backgrounds,
    Chicago, Illinois: The Geographical Institute Press 1939
    Ford is perhaps Wallace D. Fard, teacher of Elijah Muhammad (Elijah
    Poole). He describes the Ancient Ethiopians as source of all peoples and
    nations (Szwed 65 sq., 71). Wolf calls it a pretty typical mid-period
    Afrocentric work.
George Arthur Gaskell: Dictionary ofAll Scriptures and Myths (1884, 1923),
    reprint New York: Avenel Books 1981 (846 p.)
    Not the calligrapher with the same name, but a classic reference work.
Owen Gingerich (ed.): New Frontiers inAstronomy (1970), Scientific American
     1975
Babs Gonzales: I Paid my Dues: Good Times ... No Bread, 1967
Babs Gonzales: Movin' On Down the Line, n.d.
    Autobiographical writings by singer Lee Brown (1919-80)
Milton Gordon: Assimilation in American Life. The Role ofRace, Religion, and
    National Origins (New York: Oxford University Press 1964), reprint
    Tamhelm Press 1969
    Published just before a new wave ofimmigration began, Gordon identifies
    four types of assimilation: cultural, structural, marital, identificational.
    Cultural assimilation is the easiest and most prevalent form but does not
    necessarily lead to structural assimilation. The latter, however, does
    promote the other forms ofassimilation. Gordon was pessimistic about the
    prospects for structural assimilation ofthe offspring ofthe pre-World War I
    immigrants, but experience has shown him absolutely right on the positive
    effects of this type of assimilation.
Oliver Green: Hell
    Oliver Green could be Dr. Oliver B. Green, a revivalist in the 50's or O.G.,
    the gospel singer from Detroit, associated with "The Detroiters" who
    ceased to exist in 1952 (Thanks to Karl Bruckmaier for research).
Khalifa Abdul Hakim: The Metaphysics of Rumi. A Critical and Historical
    Sketch, Lahore, Pakistan: Institute ofIslamic Culture 1933, reprint 1959-
    much in Sanscrit
    Hakim received his doctorate in Philosophy from Heidelberg University,
    Germany. Professor of Philosophy in Hyderabad, India. Lectures in the
    USA, Canada, Australia, Egypt, Turkey, Iran. Translated William James,
    Varieties of Religious Experience and other works into Urdu. Died in
    1959.
Manly Palmer Hall: The Secret Teachings ofAllAges. An Encyclopedic Outline
    ofMasonic, Hermetic, Quabbalistic & Rosicrucian SymbolicalPhilosophy

                                      486

                                                            th
     (San Francisco: H. S. Crocker 1928; 245 p. folio), 15 ed., Los Angeles:
     Philosophical Research Society 1968 (several reprints)
     Exhaustive work, classic reference. Hall (born 1900) founded the Society
     in 1934.
Hambone (ed. Nathaniel Mackey, Santa Cruz, California), No.2 (fall 1982), No.
     5
     No.2 contains Sun Ra: Your Only Hope Now Is A Lie (p. 98-114;
     transcribed lecture given Nov. 11th, 1979 at SoundScape, New York City;
     also available as The Possibility o.fan Altered Destiny on CD Livefrom
     SoundScape, Disk Union DIW-388B)
Godfrey Higgins: Anacalypsis. An Attempt to Draw Aside the Veil ofthe Saitie
     Isis, or An Inquiry into the Origin ofLanguages, Nations andReligions, 2
     vols. (1833, 1836), reprint New York: Macy & Masius 1927 (867 + 525 p.)
     Higgins (1773-1833) devoted 20 years to the search for a secret tradition of
     an ancient universal religion from which later creeds developed. He
     supplied material and inspiration for the early theosophical writings of
     Blavatsky, who even echoed the title in her book Isis Unveiled (1877)
     (Szwed 69 sq., 105).
Alexander Hislop: The Two Babylons, or The Papal Worship Proved to be the
     Worship 0/ Nimrod and His Wife. With 61 woodcut illustrations from
     Ninevah, Babylon, Egypt, Pompeji, &c. (Edinburgh 1853, expanded ed.
              rd
     1858, 3    ed. Edinburgh: J. Wood 1862), New York: Loizeaux 1945
     (several reprints)
     Reverend Hislop (1807-1865) shows that Babylon was founded not by
     Cain but by Nimrod who, after having been slayed by Noah's son Shem,
     became a deity in a cult ofidolatry, prostitution and human sacrifice. This
     cult now survives as the Catholic church, with Satan as its invisible head
     etc. (Szwed 72)
Geoffrey Hodson: The Brotherhood ofAngels and Men, foreword by Annie
     Besant, London: The Theosophical Publishing House 1927
     Angels ofmusic are God's instrument (Szwed 314).
Hilton Hotema: Ancient Tarot Symbolism Revealed, Lakemont, Georgia: USA
     Press 1969
The I Ching
John Glover Jackson: Ethiopia and the Origin ofCivilization (1939), Baltimore:
     Black Classic Press 1985
     Professor Jackson (1907 -93) taught at colleges and universities throughout
     the USA. Among his books are Introduction to African Civilization (with
     Dr. Huggins; 1937); Pagan Origins ofthe Christ Myth (1941); Man, God,
     and Civilization (1972); Introduction to African Civilizations (1974);


                                      487

     Christianity Before Christ (1985); Ages ofGoldandSilver (1990) (Szwed
     68).
Janheinz Jahn: Muntu. An Outline ofNeo-african Culture, London: Faber &
     Faber 1961 (267 p.)
     Transl. of: Muntu. Die neoafrikanische Kultur. Blues, Kulte, Negritude,
     Poesie und Tanz, Dusseldorf: Diederichs 1958, reprint 1986. This book by
     the famous German ethnologist has become a sort of Bible for Afro-
     American musicians like Ra, Cecil Taylor or Jameel Moondoc & his
     Muntu Ensemble.
George G. M. James: Stolen Legacy. The Greeks Were Not the Authors ofGreek
     Philosophy, but the People of North Africa, Commonly Called the
     Egyptians, San Francisco: Julian Richardson Assoc. 1954 (reprint: African
     Publication Society 1980) - (Szwed 71)
Karl Jaspers & Rudolf Bultmann: Myth and Christianity, New York: Noonday
     Press 1958
     Transl. of Jaspers & Bultmann: Die Frage der Entmythologisierung,
     Munchen: Piper 1954. Jaspers (1883-1969), important German philosopher
     and   psychologist.   Bultmann    (1884-1976),      protestant    theologian,
     'demythologized' the Bible, that is, eliminated all 'irrational' elements like
     demons, devils, heavens, hells, miracles, temptations, etc.
Jewels 0.(the Wise, San Francisco: Holy Order of MANS 1974 - on Tarot
The Chalice ofEcstasy. Being a Magical and Qabalistic Interpretation ofthe
     Drama 0.(Parzival. By a Companion ofthe Holy Grail Sometimes Called
     Frater Achad, Chicago: Yogi Publ, Society 1923
     Underlinings. Fr. Achad (= Charles Stansfield Jones) worked with
     Crowley.
Carl Gustav Jung: Psyche and Symbol, Garden City, New York: Doubleday
     1958
     Selections from the works of Swiss psychologist Jung (1875-1961), who
     studied spiritism, occultism, alchemy, magic, parapsychology etc.
Henry Ansgar Kelly: Toward the Death ofSatan, London: Chapman 1968
     Kelly worked at the UCLA on history of tragedy and of witchcraft, late
     medieval literature, Chaucer, etc.
The Sufi Message of Hazrat Inayat Khan, vol. 2: The Mysticism of Sound.
     Music, The Power of the Word, Cosmic Language, London: Barrie &
     Rockliff 1960
Winston L. King: Introduction to Religion. A Phenomenological Approach,
     New York: Harper & Row 1954 - underlinings
Anna Kingsford & Edward Maitland: The Perfect Way, or The Finding ofChrist
              th
     (1882), 5 ed. New York: Metaphysical Publishing Co 190 I


                                      488

     Kingsford (1846-1888), politically active feminist, vegetarian, anti-
     vivisectionist, esoteric Christian, had mystical illuminations during medical
     studies in Paris. Maitland, a lapsed Anglican with Spiritualist leanings, was
     many years her senior, helped her write them down. This book contains
     lectures Kingsford gave in London in 1881. She was President of the
     London Theosophical Society, then founded the Hermetic Society, an
     instrumental forerunner of the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn.
Gareth Knight: A Practical Guide to Qabalistic Symbolism, vol. 1: On the Seers
     of the Tree of Life (1965), reprint Cheltenham, UK: Helios 1972 -
     underlinings
Nathan Chapman Kouns: Arius the Libyan. An Idyll ofthe Primitive Church,
     introd. by Nicholas Murray Butler (New York: Appleton 1884,398 p.),
     reprint San Francisco: John Howell 1921
     Kouns wrote historical & utopical novels, this one is about the Council of
               rd
     Nicene, 3 century (Szwed 63).
Eklal Kueshana: The Ultimate Frontier. An Account 0.[ the Ancient
     Brotherhoods and Their Profound, Worldwide Influence During the Past
     6000 Years (1963), reprint Quinlan, Texas: Stelle Group 1970 (224 p.)
     Conspiration theory, mystic brotherhoods etc.
Julius Lester: Look Out, Whitey! Black Power Gon' Get Your Mama!, New
     York: Dial Press 1968
Klaus Liepmann: The Language 0.[Music, New York: Ronald Press 1953
     Liepmann (1907-1990) was the first full-time professor of music of the
     MIT and founder of MIT's music program.
Charles Eric Lincoln: The Negro Pilgrimage in America. The Coming ofAge 0.[
     the Black Americans, New York: Bantam 1967, reprint New York:
     Frederick Praeger 1969
     Lincoln (1924-2000), Professor of Sociology and Religion, lectured at
     many institutions throughout the world and the USA. A noted scholar, he
     wrote over 20 books about the black religious experience in America.
Otto Lindenmeyer: Black History, Lost, Stolen, or Strayed?, New York: Avon
     1970
     Also title of a TV documentary film (1968) with Bill Cosby, narrator.
Hal Lindsey & Carole C. Carlson: Satan is Alive and Well on Planet Earth,
     Grand Rapids, Michigan: Zondervan 1972 (256 p.)
     As a reaction to a national wave of occultism & demonology, this book
     became an instant best-seller, more than 8 million copies sold.
David Livingstone: Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa.
     Including a Sketch 0.[Sixteen Years' Residence in the Interior ofAfrica,
     anda Journey From the Cape ofGoodHope to Loanda, on the WestCoast
     (New York: Harper & Bros. 1858), several reprints

                                        489

     Livingstone (1813-1873). (Szwed 68)
William MacQuitty: Ramesses the Great. Master of the World, New York:
     Crown 1978
Gerald Massey: A Book ofthe Beginnings. Containing an Attempt to Recover
     and Reconstitute the Lost Origins ofthe Myths and Mysteries, Types and
     Symbols, Religion and Language, with Egypt for the Mouthpiece and
     Africa as the Birthplace, 2 vols. (1200 p.), London: Williams & Norgate
     1881 (reprint Baltimore: Black Classic Press 1995)
     Massey (1828-1907), British working-class poet, Shakespearean scholar,
     mythographer, radical Egyptologist, held that Africa was the source for the
     greatest civilization in the world, birthplace of nonarticulate man, and
     Egypt the mouthpiece of articulate man. In another monumental work,
     Ancient Egypt the Light 0.[the World (12 vols.) he locates the roots of
     Christianity, Islam and Judaism in the Nile Valley (Szwed 70, 105).
Pierre Montet: Egypt and the Bible, Philadelphia: Fortress 1968
     Transl. by Leslie R. Keylak of L 'Egypte et la Bible, Neuchatel/Paris:
     Delacheaux & Niestle 1959 (Cahiers d'archeologie biblique, no. 11; 141
     p.)
Elijah Muhammad: Message to the Black Man in America, Chicago, Illinois:
     Muhammad Mosque 1965 (Philadelphia: Hakim's Publ. 1965)
     According to this pamphlet by the founder of the Nation of Islam, white
     people were created from Africans about 6000 years ago by Yacub, a black
     god-like scientist. Using a selective breeding process called 'grafting',
     Yacub created whites as a race ofdevils to rule earth for a limited period
     (Szwed 211 ).
Musaios (Abd Ar-Rahim Ibn Ahmed AI-Qadi): The Lion Path. You Can Take It
     With You. A Manual ofthe Short Path to Regeneration for Our Times,
     Berkeley, California: Golden Scepter 1985
John Ballou Newbrough: Oahspe. A New Bible in the Words ofJehovah andHis
     Angel Embassadors, New York 1882 (856 p.), 3rd ed. 1912
     Newbrough (1828-1891), dentist, claimed this book was dictated to him in
     1880 by spirits in trance. There are other examples ofecriture automatique
          th
     in 19 century (Aquarian Gospel 0.[Jesus the Christ, or Clothed with the
     Sun), but this is possibly the first one done on an early typewriter. Its
     context is the Spiritualist movement, the Victorian predecessor ofthe 'New
     Age' channelling and past life regressions. The book has similarities to
     Theosophy, even to Scientology myths, it inspired a radically different set
     of spiritual beliefs, called'Faithism', which has a small following today.
Pjotr Demianovitch Ouspensky: Tertium Organum. The Third Canon of
     Thought. A Key to the Enigmas ofthe World (St. Petersburg 1911), transl.


                                      490

     from the Russian by Nicholas Bessaraboff& Claude Bragdon, Rochester,
     New York: Manas Press 1920 (344 p., several reprints)
     Ouspensky (1878-1947), Russian occultist, 1915-18 disciple ofthe famous
     Greek-Armenian mystic Gurdjieff (see below), lived from 1921 in the
     USA. This book made him famous. It proposes a different way to reach
     higher states ofconsciousness. Four-dimensional space, fifth dimension is
     eternity.
Derek & Julia Parker: The Complete Astrologer, New York: McGraw Hill 1971
     Best-seller, translated in more than 12 languages
Eremej Iudovich Parnov: At the Crossroads 0.[ Infinities, transl. from the
     Russian (1967) by Vladimir Talmy, Moscow: Mir 1971 - Scientific work
Norman Paulsen: Sunburst. Return ofthe Ancients. An Autobiography, Goleta,
     California: Sunburst Farms 1980 (610 p.)
     Paulsen founded a large and prosperous spiritual community called
     Sunburst, based in Santa Barbara county in the 1970's and 1980's.
James M. Pryse: The Apocalypse Unsealed. Being an Esoteric Interpretation of
     the Initiation ofJoannes (New York: by author / London: J. M. Watkins
     1910; 222 p.), reprint Mokelumne Hill, California: Health Research 1965
The Holy Quran
Radix, reprint, ed. Bill Looney, Fort Worth, Texas: Branch-Smith 1975
        th
     19 century astrology magazine.
Yogi Ramacharaka (= William Walker Atkinson): Science ofBreath, Chicago:
     Yogi Publ. Society 1952
Frederick Ramsey & Charles Edward Smith: Jazzmen. The Story ofHot Jazz
     Told in the Lives ofthe Men Who Created It (New York 1939), reprint
     1959
     One ofthe first formal jazz books
George Rawlinson: Ancient History, Philadelphia: J. P. Lippencott 1887
     English historian and theologer (1812-1902) in Oxford, with apologetic
     tendency
Lytte W. Robinson: The Great PyramidandIts Builders, Edgar Cayce Publ. Co.
     1958
     Based on Cayce's writings
Ernest M. Robson: The Orchestra 0.[ the Language, New York: Thomas
     Yoseloff 1959
     On pitch, poetry, speech etc.
Walter Rodney: West Africa and the Atlantic Slave Trade, Nairobi, Kenia: East
     African Publ. 1967
Joel Augustus Rogers: Sex and Race, 3 vols., New York: by author 1941-1944,
     illustr.


                                      491

     Rogers (1883-1966),       born in Jamaica,        largely self-trained field
     anthropologist, did exhaustive research on the global history of African
     people. In vol. I he focuses on antiquity, raising questions like: Were the
    .first Japanese Negroes? or Were the Jews Originally Negroes? Other
     chapters deal with the Negro in Ancient Greece, in Ancient Rome and
     Carthage, Black Gods and Messiahs, history ofthe Black Madonnas etc. In
     vol. II Rogers examines racism and race-mixing in the New World, in vol.
     III he seeks to define the concept of race itself.
Archibald Hamilton Rutledge: God's Children, photographs by Noble
     Bretzman, Indianapolis: Bobbs-Merrill 1947
     Rutledge (1883-1973), son ofa white slaveholder (Szwed 69), praises his
     slaves as fine, loyal, wise, intelligent etc. Sun Ra loved this book, perhaps
     because he saw in these 'nobIe savages' his own ideal for humanity and the
     black race (Wolf).
David Saint Clair: The Psychic World ofCalifornia, New York: Bantam 1972
     (338 p.)
     Witches, healers, satanists, voodoo priests, spiritualists, Tarot readers and
     mediums - inside the occultfraternity ofAmerica's most mystical state.
     (advertising)

TOOl Schnabel: Stolen Moments. Conversations with Contemporary Musicians,
     Los Angeles: Acrobat 1988 (235 p.)
     Branford Marsalis, Joan Baez, Phillip Glass, Nina Simone, Nicholas
     Slonimsky, David Byrne, Kiri Ti Kanawa, Ravi Shankar etc.
Edouard Schure: From Sphynx to Christ. An Occult History, Rudolf Steiner
     Publ. 1970
     Alsacian poet and theosophist, wrote a standard work, Les grands inities
     (1889), cooperated with RudolfSteiner. A German transl. ofthe above was
     issued Leipzig 1922.
Rene A. Schwaller de Lubicz: The Egyptian Miracle. Introduction to the
     Wisdom ofthe Temple (1963), New York: Inner Traditions 1985
Isha Schwaller de Lubicz: Her-Bak "Chick-pea ", The Living Face ofAncient
     Egypt, London: Hodder & Stoughton 1954
Isha Schwaller de Lubicz: Her-Bak. Egyptian Initiate, New York: Inner
     Traditions 1978
     Separate translations of Her-Bak, 2 vols., Cairo 1950
     Schwaller de Lubicz (1887-1961, Isha was his wife), born in Alsace-
     Lorraine, studied under philosopher Henri Bergson and painter Henri
     Matisse. Philosopher and mathematician, he worked at Luxor site for 15
     years. He argued, among other things, that Egyptian civilization is much
     older and was much more developed than orthodox Egyptologists suggest.
     (Szwed 70 sq.)

                                        492

Idries Shah: Tales ofthe Dervishes. Teaching Stories ofSufi Masters Over the
     Past Thousand Years (London: Cape 1967), reprint Dutton 1970
Alan W. Shorter: The Egyptian Gods. A Handbook, London: Routledge &
     Kegan Paul 1937 (Stockvis Studies in Historical Chronology and Thought;
      148 p.; reprint 1992)
Charles Montgomery Skinner: American Myths and Legends (1903), vol. 2,
     Philadelphia: J. B. Lippencott 1974
     Skinner (1852-1907), journalist in Brooklyn, collector of myths, tales,
     folklore.
Rudolf Steiner: At the Gates of Spiritual Science, London: Anthroposophic
     Press 1986
     Revised transl. of lectures given in Stuttgart, Germany, in 1906, on
     evolution of the Earth, journey of the soul after death, reincarnation and
     karma, good and evil, modem path to meditative training etc. (Szwed 108)
Thomas Milton Stewart: The Symbolism ofthe Gods ofthe Egyptians and the
     Light They Throw on Freemasonry (London: Baskerville Press 1927),
     reprint New York: Wehman Bros. 1970
     Formerly leader of the Cincinnati Yogoda Sat-Sanga Center
R. A. Straughn: The Realization of Nether Nu. Kabbalistic Guide to the
     Realization ofSelf, Brooklyn: Maat 1975
Walter Sullivan: We Are Not Alone. The Continuing Searchfor Extraterrestrial
     Intelligence, Signet 1964 (revised ed. 1993)
     Science editor of the New York Times
Rabindranath Tagore: Gitanjali (Song Offerings). A Collection 0.1' Prose
     Translations Made by the Author from the Original Bengali, introd.
     William Butler Yeats (London: MacMillan 1913), reprint 1928
Robert Temple: The Sirius Mystery. New Scientific Evidence ofAlien Contact
     5,000 Years Ago, New York: St. Martin's Press 1976
     Passages marked. Temple, fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society, the
     Society for the Promotion of Hellenic Studies, the Egyptian Exploration
     Society etc., states in this best-seller that the Egyptian, Sumerian and
     Dogon civilizations were founded by aliens from the Sirius star system who
     are now ready to return.
John Eric Sydney Thompson: Maya Hieroglyphic Writing. An Introduction
                                                  nd
     (Washington: Carnegie Institution 1950), 2      ed., Norman: University of
     Oklahoma Press 1960
     Thompson (1898-1975, knighted 1975) was the dominant figure in Meso-
     Americanistics, especially in Maya research.
Peter Tompkins: Secrets ofthe Great Pyramid, New York: Harper & Row 1971
John Tyndall: Sound. The Science ofSound, New York: Citadel 1964
Unheard Melodies ?? - a quite common title, of a film, too

                                      493

Uraeus. The Journal ofUnconscious Life, Los Angeles 1982
      New Age black gnostic journal
The Urantia Book, Chicago: Urantia Foundation 1955
      Said to have been authored by celestial beings as a special revelation to our
      planet, Urantia (Szwed 331). Karlheinz Stockhausen read it in the 1970's
      (Wolt).
Ivan van Sertima: They Came Before Columbus. The African Presence in
      Ancient America, New York: Random House 1976
      Egyptians and Nubians came to Mexico etc.
Immanuel Velikowsky: Ages o.f Chaos, vol. 1: From the Exodus to King
      Akhnaton, New York: Doubleday 1952
Erich van Daniken: Miracles of the Gods. A New Look at the Supernatural,
      Putnam & Bantam 1975
      Transl. of one of the best-sellers of the Swiss-born author. (Szwed 138,
      239)
Frances Cress Welsing: The Isis Papers. The Keys to the Colors, Chicago: Third
      World Press 1991 (301 p.)
      Born 1935, psychiatrist Dr. Welsing analyzes the nature of white
      supremacy
                                              th
Paramahansa Yogananda: Cosmic Chants, 6 ed. Los Angeles: SelfRealization
      Fellowship 1974


Questions That Young People Ask andAnswers That Work, Watchtower 1989?
Illuminati French/English Dictionary
English/Hebrew Dictionary
Italian/English Dictionary
Berlitz Guide to Japanese
primer on Japanese language
The Bible in Hebrew (Szwed 104)
Roget's Thesaurus
histories ofjazz in several languages
archaeology books in several languages
pamphlets on African names, astrology
book on crystals
books on tape recording
Chinese herbal cures and spiritual medicine
Handbook of Perscription Drugs
The Literature ofthe Supernatural - a collection of fantasy and sci fi
Atomic Energy Theory, popularized
book on traveling without reservations
Michelin Guide to Italy

                                      494

Further titles from Ra's Reading List, VCR, 1971

During spring quarter of 1971 Ra gave a course at the University ofCalifomia at
Berkeley (UCB), listed as Afro-American Studies no. 198: TheBlack Man in the
Cosmos. Thanks to the late Samurai Celestial, Arkestra drummer, a copy ofthe
reading list issued to the students has been preserved. What follows are the titles,
as given by Szwed 294 sq. In his liner notes ofthe Evidence CD Soundtrack to
the Film Space Is The Place (ECD 22070, 1993) Szwed adds: When distressed
students told Sun Ra that the books were either missing/rom the library or had
never been there in thefirst place, he merely smiled knowingly.

The Egyptian Book 0/the Dead
Radix
Alexander Hislop: Two Babylons
the theosophical works ofMadame Blavatsky
The Book ofOahspe
Henry Dumas: Ark ofBones
Henry Dumas: Poetry For My People, eds. Hale Chatfield & Eugene Redmond,
     preface by Imamu Amiri Baraka (= LeRoi Jones), introd. by Jay Wright,
     Carbondale: Southern Illinois University Press 1971
Black Fire. An Anthology ofAfro-American Writing, eds. LeRoi Jones & Larry
     Neal, New York: William Morrow 1968 - with poems by Sun Ra
David Livingston: Missionary Travels
Theodore P. Ford: God Wills the Negro
Rutledge: God's Children
Stylus, vol. 13, no. 1 (Spring 1971), Temple University
     Literary magazine of the black students, with poems by Sun Ra
John S. Wilson: Jazz. Where It Came From, Where It's At, United States
     Information Agency (published in the 1950's)
     Author of the first review in the New York Times (feb 19, 1962) of an
     Arkestra gig and of other reviews there (Szwed 191, 225 sq., with
     quotations, 254).
YosefA. A. Ben-Jochannan: Black Man ofthe Nile andHis Family, Alkibu Ian
     Books 1972, reprint Baltimore: Black Classic Press 1989
     Dr. Ben, born 1918 in Ethiopia, lived in Puerto Rico, Cuba, Egypt etc.,
     teached at Cornell University, Ithaca, wrote about 50 books. This one is his
     best known, a challenge and exposition of Europeanized African history.



                                        495

Constantin Francois de Chasseboeuf, Comte de Volney: The Ruins, or,
     Meditation on the Revolutions ofEmpires, andthe Law ofNature, London:
     Pioneer Press 1921, reprint Baltimore: Black Classic Press 1991
     transl. ofLes Ruines, ou meditations sur les revolutions des empires, Paris
      1791. Volney (1757-1820), orientalist, disciple of Helvetius, belongs to a
     group ofrevolutionary materialists called Ideologues. He spent four years
     in Syria and Egypt (his report, published 1783-85 was Napoleon's main
     inspiration), and two years in the USA (1795-97). In the above book
     Volney says Africa was the origin ofmankind and civilization, and ancient
     Egyptians were Negroes. These short sentences were excised in the first
     English translation (1802, reprint London: Kessinger). He argues against
     all religion, spirituality and all philosophical systems, except 'rationalism'
     (Szwed 67 sq., Wolt).
The Source Book ofMan's Life andDeath (Ra's description; = The King James
     Bible)
Pjotr Demianovitch Ouspensky: A New Model ofthe Universe. Principles ofthe
     Psychological Method in Its Application to Problems ofScience, Religion,
     andArt, New York: Knopf 1956 (XXI+476 p.), transl. ofRussian, reprint
     Dover Publ. 1997
     (Szwed 108 sq.)
Frederick Bodmer: The Loom 0.[Language. An Approach to the Mastery 0.[
     Many Languages, ed. Lancelot Hogben, New York: Norton & Co 1944
     (704 p.), several reprints
     Swiss philologist, teached in Europe, South Africa, and at the MIT (his
     successor in 1955 was Noam Chomsky). His popular introduction to
     grammar and syntax of indo-european languages was widely read and
     translated.
Blackie's Etymology
books on hieroglyphics, color therapy, the Rosicrucians, Afro-American
     folklore, ex-slaves' writings



Further titles, mentioned by John F. Szwed (1997)

Imamu Amiri Baraka (LeRoi Jones): Raise Race Rays Raze. Essays Since 1965,
     New York: Random House 1971 (169 p.) - (Szwed 209)
The Book o.fInformation
     A manuscript of over 500 pages in English, on space travel, advice for
     survival, explanation of the higher forces watching Earth etc. It is said to
     have been dictated from a satellite to a computer. Sun Ra received it in
     1990 in Turkey from some mystics (Szwed 369 sq.).
                                         496

Albert Churchward: Origin andEvolution ofthe Human Race, London: George
     Allen & Unwin 1921 (512 p., reprint London: Kessinger 1997)
     (born 1852), freemason, student ofMassey, declares: The origin lies in the
     upper Nile valley, first humans were Pygmies (Szwed 69, 105).
Andrew Jackson Davis (1826-1910), uneducated, in 1844 he had an
      illumination, in semi-trance he could fly and make contact with spirits etc.,
      like Swedenborg. He wrote 30 books on cosmological science, etc. Mixed
     science, Mesmerism, and Christianity in an effort to be one with the
     infinite (Szwed 131).
Dr. William E. B. DuBois (1868-1963), the first black man to get a doctoral
     degree (by Max Weber, famous sociologist in Berlin), one ofthe greatest
     scholars in American history (Szwed 62, 344).
Mary Baker Eddy (1821-1910), founder of Christian Science (Szwed 131)
Joseph F. Goodavage: Astrology: The Space Age Science, New York: Signet
      1966, reprint 1978 - re: American Money and Its Symbolism ('1)(Szwed
     209)
Georgej Ivanovitch Gurdjieff: All and Everything. Beelzebub's Tales to His
     Grandson. An Objective Impartial Criticism ofthe Life ofMan,New York:
     Harcourt, Brace & Co / London: Routledge & Kegan Paul 1950 (1.238 p.)
     (transl. by a group chosen by the author) several reprints
     Earth has become disordered through a mistake made by those in charge
     ofthe cosmos (Szwed 108, 135 sq.).
Thomas Lake Harris (1823-1906), Universalist preacher, Swedenborgian,
     illuminations since 1850, had success in England, died in Glasgow; trance-
     basedpoet ofspace travel (Szwed 131).
Sidney Lanier: The Science ofEnglish Verse (1880)
     (1842-1881), musician and writer. This are his lectures at Johns Hopkins
     University. Sound can serve as artistic material, the body as a musical
     instrument (Szwed 319).
Little Blue Books - famous series ofAtheist literature (Joseph McCabe, Robert
     Green Ingersoll, Bertrand Russell etc.) published by socialist reformer
     Emanuel Haldeman-Julius (1889-1951), from 1919 to 1951 in Girard,
     Kansas. (Szwed 70)
Elijah Muhammad: The Theology of Time, ed. Abass Rassoull, Hampton,
     Virginia: U.B. and U.S. Communications System 1992
     Nothingness = blackness = God = darkness etc. (Szwed 133, with
     quotation)
George Wells Parker: The Children ofthe Sun, Omaha: Hamitic League ofthe
     World 1918
     Human life first appeared in Africa, civilization began in Egypt etc. (Szwed
     67)

                                       497

William J. Perry: Children ofthe Sun. A Study ofthe Egyptian Settlement ofthe
     Pacific, 1923 (240 p., several reprints)
     Diffusionist view: An Indo-Egyptian alliance settled the Pacific in 1500
     BC. (Szwed 69)
Edgar Allan Poe
     Y'all don't know; but Poe know. (Ra, quoted by Szwed 130)
Ishmael Reed: Mumbo Jumbo. A Novel, Garden City, New York: Doubleday
     1972
     Satirical history ofthe spread ofblack culture in the US, New Orleans and
     Harlem in the 1920s, birth ofjazz, voodoo, Templars, ancient Egypt, secret
     societies etc. (Szwed 222 sq.) - In his conversation with John & Peter
     Hinds (sept. 28, 1986; Sun Ra Research # 39, p. 23 sq.), Ra tells a bit
     about Reed (born 1938). - It should be noted that the title formula has
     always been treated as an example for 'nonsense'. Immanuel Kant has
     "mumbo jumbo" in his anthropological reflections (Kant's Gesammelte
     Schriften, ed. Prussian Academy of Sciences [etc.], vol. 15, Berlin 1913,
     reprint 1961, p. 182). There is another satire, by Henry Clews jun.: Mumbo
    Jumbo, London 1923 (Hermann GrafKeyserling mentions this book in his
    journal Weg zur Vollendung, vol. II, 1926, 61 sq.). To what degree the
     formula has been put down shows the following quotation by a
     contemporary renowned professor of Classical Philology: Parmenides of
     Elea, one ofthe great pre-socratic philosophers, held that all language does
     is to create a sort ofmumbojumbo in which the words it consists ofseem
     to denote what could not be possibly real in the first place. That is to say
     that men make distinctions by use ofwords (or names) that do not exist in
     reality. Andreas Graeser: On Language, Thought and Reality in Ancient
     Greek Philosophy, in: Dialectica, vol. 31 (1977), 362.
Archibald Rutledge: Home By the River, Indianapolis: Bobbs-Merrill 1941
     Black people as orientals or Nubians etc. (Szwed 69)
Arthur Schopenhauer: Parerga und Paralipomena, vol. 2, Berlin: Hayn 1851
     Chapter XIX,  218: Music is the purest form of expression, a universal
     language. The German philosopher (1788-1860) explains his thoughts on
     music in other books, too. (Szwed 114)
Grafton Elliot Smith: The Ancient Egyptians and Their Influence Upon the
     Civilization ofEurope, London/New York: Harper & Bros. 1911 (192 p.)
    (1871-1937), Australian anatomist, spent 30 years in Cairo. (Szwed 69)
Emmanuel Swedenborg (1688-1772), Swedish natural scientist and, since 1744,
    visionary, founder of the New Church. (Szwed 131)
(James) Strong's Exhaustive Concordance ofthe Bible
    (Szwed 104)


                                      498

Booker T. (Taliafero) Washington: Up From Slavery. An Autobiography,
     Garden City, New York: Doubleday 1901, several reprints
     Very influential text by Washington (1856-1915). (Szwed 17, 62, 80, 135,
     344 etc.)
Leo Weiner: Africa and the Discovery ofAmerica, 3 vols., Philadelphia: Innes
     & Sons 1922 (287 p.), reprint with introd. by john Henrik Clarke, New
     York: A&B 1992
     Opened the way for Sertima 1976 and others (Szwed 70).
john Wilson: Lectures on Our Israelitish Origin, 1840
     One ofthe founders ofBritish-Israelism Movement. Self-taught Irishman,
     studied languages ofthe world to find that the Anglo-Saxon-Celtic people
     were the lost tribes who survived the destruction ofNorthem Kingdom of
     Israel by the Assyrians in 721 BC (Szwed 71).
Wilhelm Worringer: Egyptian Art, London: G. P. Putnam 1928
     Transl, of Agyptische Kunst. Probleme ihrer Wertung, Munchen: Piper
      1927. Worringer (1881-1965) was a famous German art historian (Szwed
     70).



Further titles, mentioned by James L. Wolf in his Reviews for the
Saturn Mailing List

Plato: Charmides, and other texts of ancient Greek philosophy
Mircea Eliade: Myth andReality, New York: Harper & Row 1963, reprint: Long
     Grove, Illinois: Waveland Press 1975 (204 p.)
     Transl, from the French by Willard R. Trask. On societies with 'living'
     myth
Marie Corelli (pseudonym): A Romance of Two Worlds, London: R. Bentley
      1886, several reprints, London: Kessinger
     Corelli is a pseudonym for Mary Mackay (1855-1924). The English
     novelist became famous by this early story on the physical and the spiritual
     world. Mystical fiction with a strong Victorian-feminist streak: A young
     female keyboard improviser suffering from depression is healed by a male
     master in Paris by some sort of electricity therapy.




                                     499

Keys used in the Source Description

A  -The Immeasurable Equation. 1972. 72pp. Another version from 1972
     with 68pp. inclusive cover (60pp. paginated), 82 poems, 2 statements.
B  - The Immeasurable Equation Vol.Il, Extensions Out. 1972. 144pp. In the
     1990 edition "The Air Spiritual Man" (pp. 62 - 67) is omitted.
C  -The Immeasurable Equation. 1980. Philadelphia. 72pp.
D  -The Immeasurable Equation. 1980. Philadelphia. 88pp.
Da - The Immeasurable Equation. 1985. Omni Press. Millbrae. 50pp.
     inclusive cover.
Db -The Immeasurable Equation. 1985. Omni Press. Millbrae. 36pp.
     inclusive cover.
E  -The Immeasurable Equation. 1985. Philadelphia. 32pp.
F  -The Immeasurable Equation. 1985. El Saturn Records. Philadelphia.
    20pp.
G  -The Immeasurable Equation. 1985. Omni Press. Millbrae. 32pp.
H  -The Immeasurable Equation. 1985. Omni Press. Millbrae. 28pp. (22
    poems).
I  -The Immeasurable Equation. 1985. Omni Press. Millbrae. 20pp.
J  -The Immeasurable Equation. 1985. Omni Press. Millbrae. 28pp. (33
    poems).
K - (The Immeasurable Equation) 198? Omni Press. Millbrae. ?pp.
L  -(The Immeasurable Equation) 198? Omni Press. Millbrae. 32+pp.
M - The Immeasurable Equation. 1989. Omni Press. Millbrae. 36pp.
Ma -Sun Ra. October 1989. Omni Press. Millbrae. 36pp. inclusive cover.
N  -Sun Ra. 1989. Omni Press. Millbrae. 60pp. Sz C
o - Sun Ra. 1992? Omni Press. Millbrae. 16pp
P - Sun Ra. 1994? Omni Press. Millbrae. 12pp.
Q - [No title]. 1994. Omni Press. Millbrae. 24pp.
R - Sun Ra Research (SRR). Omni Press. Millbrae. Issue specified.
S - Stylus (Vol. 13, No.1, Spring 1971) Temple University, pp.50-55
T - LeRoi Jones and Larry Neal, eds. Black Fire: An Anthology of Afro-
    American Writing. N.Y. William Morrow, 1968
U - Umbra Anthology 1967-1968 pp.3-7
V - Comments and Poetry by Sun Ra. El Saturn Research. 4pp. [1978?]
W - The Immeasurable Equation. EI Saturn Research.. 1985. 32pp.
X - Hartmut Geerken. Omniverse Sun Ra. Wartaweil. Waitawhile. 1994.
Y - John F. Szwed. Space is the Place. New York. Pantheon. 1997.
Z - Sun Ra Book 2000. Millbrae. SRR. June 2000.
Za- Sun Ra Book 2001. Millbrae. SRR. 2000.


                                 500

Sources of the Poems
*Almost   identical versions. Insignificant differences.
The page numbers in the present book are given within {}, in the left column.


A Blueprint/Declaration {59}                  S p.52, V p.2, C p.63, D p.66, J
                                              p.9, Kp.?, R#21 p.20, Song ofthe
                                              Stargazer LP jacket (1965/70), Y
                                              p.306
A Cosmic Standard {60}                        A p.12 , G p.25, L p.?, M p.23,
                                              JazzPodium 4/1981, p.3
A Natural Free {61}                           A p.50, G p.24, H p.20, K p.?, M
                                              p.12
Absolute Like, The {62}                       A p.45
"According to nature's laws and law" {63} Space is the Place LP jacket
After That {64}                               B p.l , Hambone 14 (1998), p. 190
                                              (partial)
After-Thought {65}                            Jazz By Sun Ra Booklet, Jazz
                                              Statistics 1961
Alert {66}                                    A p.59, C p.60
Alter Is {67}                                 V p.3, D p.9, E p.28, J p.3, K p.?,
                                              N p.54, Song of the Stargazer LP
                                             jacket (1965/70)
[And Some Music] {68}                         The Cricket. no. I, 1968. p.18
Angelic Brothers {69}                         A p.42, B p.2
Another Fate {70}                             A p.40, D p.47 (two words added
                                              in D)
[Anything can give up its life...] {71}       Natures God, Dark Myth Equation
                                              Visitation LP jacket (1972)
Arm, The {72}                                 Astro Black LP jacket (1973),
                                              TZAZ (Greece) 10/1980
Art Scene, The {73}                           B p.51, C p.37
Astro Black {74}                              Astro Black LP jacket (1973),
                                              TZAZ (Greece) 10/1980


Be-Earthed - 1 {75}                           B p.3
Be-Earthed - 2 {75}                          C p.17, E p.17, F p.16, I p.16, K
                                              p.?, N p.36, Z, Za
Beyond The Truths - 1 {76}                    Ap.22
Beyond The Truths - 2 {76}                   C p.50, F p.5, K p.?, I p.4, N p.17,
                                             Z,Za

                                       501

Behold! {77}                         Dp.22
Birds Without Wings {78}             A p.25, C p.48, E p.9, F p.8, I
                                     p.l O,K p.?, 1962 unrecorded com-
                                     position title, Z, Za, Hambone 14
                                     (1998), p. 190
Black Myth {79}                      A p.9, G p.l l , H p.5, L p?
Black on Black {80}                  A p.6, auth. revised version from
                                     H. Geerken
Black People White {81}              Ap.5
Black Prince Charming {82}           A p.7, X p.58 (partial)
Black Rays Race, The {83}            A p.8, H p.19, L p.?, M p.ll
                                      th
[Blind Man] {84}                     6   International Waitawhile Sun
                                     Ra Convention CD liner (1999),
                                     SR Arkive #4, p.16
Borders of Nowhere {85}              Dp.52
Bound Eternity, The - 1 {86}         Ap.28
Bound Eternity, The - 2 {87}         C p.14, E p.22, F p.13, G p.22, H
                                     p.24, K p?, L p.?, Z, Za
Brass Herald, The {88}               D p.18
Bridges of Comprehension {89}        Dp.75
Brother of the Sun {90}              M p.IO ,N p.26, Later version of
                                     "Brothers of the Sun"
Brothers of the Sun {90}             D p.62, Early, longer version of
                                     "Brother of the Sun"
By Golly - 1 {91}                    B p.4
By Golly - 2 {91}                    C p.12, slight rev. of above


Calling Planet Earth {92}            Purple Night CD liner (1990),
                                     Brad Simon Org. press release.
Challenge {94}                       B p.5, X p.52 (partial)
Chaos {95}                           D p.6, K p?, L p.?, Z, Za
Circle Eternity {96}                 A pp.17-20, see also "Once Upon
                                     a Time"
Circle of Comprehension {IOO}        Dp.20
Colors and Notes {I0 1}              B p.7
Concerning That Which Is
  Called Life And Death {I02}        B p.9
Confrontations - 1 {I03 }            B p.lO
Confrontations - 2 {I 03 }           C p.41
Confusion of Words, The {I 04 }      Dp.29
Conviction {I 05 }                   D p.57

                                 502

Cosmic Age, The - 1 {I06 }         T pp.219-20,
Cosmic Age, The - 2 {I07}          C p.24, Out There A Minute CD
                                   liner (1989)
Cosmic Age, The - 3 {313}          see "Prepare for the Journey"
Cosmic Beist, The {I08}            A p.IO
Cosmic Bypass, The {I09}           Dpo75
Cosmic Equation {II0}              Heliocentric Worlds Vol. I LP
                                   jacket (1965), Queen Elizabeth
                                   Hall   1970 program, Y p.307,
                                   TZAZ (Greece) 10/1980
Cosmic Myth, The - 1 {Ill}         A poll
Cosmic-Myth, The - 2 {Ill}         C p.21
Cosmic Potential {112}             D p.4, E p.24, I pol7, J p.15
Cosmic Query {II3}                 A p.l Z, G p.8, L p.?, M pol4, Y
                                   p.321
Cosmo Man, The {116}               B p.52
Cosmos Evolution - I {II7}         S p.53
Cosmos Evolution - 2 {II 7}        A poll (may be errors), Y po322
Cosmos Evolution - 3 {118}         V p.3, E p.28, J po3, Song of the
                                   Stargazer LP jacket (1965/70)
Cosmos Evolution - 4 {118}         C po21
Crate Create, The - I {119}        B p.53
Crate Create, The - 2 {120}        C po43
Curse-Blueprint, The {122}         B po55
Curtain Call, The - I {123}        B po57, Monorails and Satellites
                                   CD liner (1991), SR Arkive #3,
                                   p.Zl; Sun Ra - From Outer Space,
                                   Omni Press, Millbrae
Curtain Call, The - 2 {124}        C p.ll, E p.27, F po4, J p.12, Za


Damning, The {125}                 Dpo80
Darkness Light {126}               A p.31, Astro Black LP jacket
                                   (1973), D p.34
Delusion Freedom, The {127}        D po65,J p.IO, K po?
                                    th
Desperate Soul, The {128}          6      International    Sun     Ra
                                   Convention CD liner (1999)
Detour - 1 {129}                   Ap.30
Detour - 2 {130}                   C p.47, E p.23, F p.I4, I p.14, K
                                   p.?, Z, Hambone 14 (1998), p. 190
                                   (partial)
Did We Not Know? - I {131}         B p.II

                               503

Did We Not Know?-2 {I3I}             C p.42, similar to "What You So".
Differences, The - I {132}           My Brother the Wind LP jacket
                                     (1969/70)
differences, the - 2 {I33}           Queen     Elizabeth   Hall     1970
                                     program, C p.8, E p.7, J p.8, N
                                     p.53,   SR    Memorial    program
                                     7/12/93, TZAZ (Greece) 10/1980
Different {I34}                      B p.12
Differentiation {I35}                Ap.49
Dimension Spheres And Spirals {I36}  B p.13, C p.56, E p.13, F p.18, J
                                     p.18 (last four "missing" 3 words,
                                     otherwise"), X p.51
Discernment {I37}                    Ap.48
Disguise {I38}                       n p.73
Disguised Aim, The {139}             U pp.3-4
Double Knowledge, The {14I}          B p.59
Dual Change, The {142}               B p.60, D p.44-45, SR Arkive #3,
                                     p.22


Earth-Oath Way, The {144}            D p.83
Empty Space, The {145}               B p.68, see also "The Heaven #
                                     Three"
Enactment {I46}                      B p.14
Endless Realm, The - I {I47}         A p.29 (contains 4 lines not in later
                                     versions)
Endless Realm, The - 2 {148}         C p.20, J p.19, K p.?
Endless Universe, The - 1 {I49}      B p.69, Y p.327-328
Endless Universe, The - 2 {151}      C p.18
[Energies] - 1 {I52}                 Dec.4,1971 Billboard ad. p.16, V
                                     p.3, Cosmic Tones LP and CD
                                     liner.
Energies - 2 {152}                   A p.15, G p.3, H p.3, L p.?, N
                                     p.37, 0 p.5, R #20 p.2
Energies - 3 {153}                   C p. 53
Enticement {I54}                     Jazz by Sun Ra booklet, see also
                                     "Imagination";    Graham      Lock,
                                     Plutopia (1999) p.29 (partial)
Enwrit, The - 1 {I55}                B p.71
Enwrit, The - 2 {I56}                C p.40 (p.I of B vers.)
Equal And The Opposite, The {I57}    D p.IO
Equality: Parallelism {I 58}         B p.15

                                 504

Essence Energy {159}                    B p.16
Every Thought Is Alive {160}            A p.53, L p.?, M p.24, Hambone
                                        14 (1998), p. 193 (partial)
Every Time A Bird Goes By {161}         C p.68


Fabricate {162}                         B p.17
Fantasy, The - 1 {163}                  A p.23, G p.l0, H p.l0, L p.?, M
                                        p.26, N p.23, Holiday for Soul
                                        Dance CD liner (1970), Jazz-
                                        Podium 1980/11, Blatt (Munchen)
                                        1984/269,    Jazz    (Switzerland)
                                        1985/2.
Fantasy, The - 2 {163}                  C p.23
Far Off Place, The {164}                A p.52, Monorails & Satelites CD
                                        liner (1991). See "In Some Far
                                        Place" and "Tomorrow's Realm".
"Farther, The" - 1 {165}                B p.73
Farther, The - 2 {165}                  C p.25
Farther Planes, The {166}               Ap.30
Feat Of Fate, The {167}                 Dp.43
Figure {168}                            B p.18
Fire and the Dry Weeds,The - 1 {169}    The Bridge Saturn 3066 recit.
Fire And The Dry Weeds,The - 2 {170}    C p.51, E p.3, F p.6, I p.6, K p.?,
                                        Z,Za
Flesh, The - I {I71}                    B p.74
Flesh, The - 2 {I71 }                   C p.55, E p.l0, F p.7, 1p.7, K. p?
Flesh, The - 3 {I72 }                   D p.68, Z, Za; Alan S. Chase: Sun
                                        Ra    (Thesis)  November     1992
                                        (partial)
Flight {173}                            A p.52, Discipline 27-11 LP jacket
                                        (1973/74, version 1), Monorails &
                                        Satellites CD liner (1991), Jazz-
                                        Podium 1980/11, Blatt (Munchen)
                                        1984/269,    Jazz   (Switzerland)
                                        1985/2, see also "I Thought I Am:
                                        Am Not"; Sun Ra - From Outer
                                        Space, Omni Press Millbrae
Foolish Foe, The {174}                  B p.75, Y pp.326-327
Fragments of the Alter-Future - 1 {176} Ap.32
Fragments of the Alter-Future - 2 {176} C p.13, E p.8, J p.7
Freedom From Freedom {177}              B p.19

                                    505

Freedom Versus Black Freedom {178}   A p.8, G p.23, H p.19, L p.?, M
                                     p.11
Friends Of Skill, The - I {179}      B p.77
Friends Of Skill, The - 2 {180}      C p.40, I Pharaoh LP jacket (1979)
From Another Forever {181}           Astro Black LP jacket (1973)
From Tomorrow {182}                  Astro Black LP jacket (1973), see
                                     "Some Tomorrow"


Garden Of Earth, The {183}           B p.78
Garden Of Eatened, The {183}         Nothing Is LP jacket (1970),
                                     Umbra p.4, D p.38
Garden Of Eden, The {184}            C p.52, E p.14, F p.17, J p.17,
                                     Downbeat Sept.'93 p.27, Za
Glory of Shame, The - I {185}        B p.79
Glory Of Shame, The - 2 {185}        C p.17, E p.17, F p.16, I p.14, K
                                     p.?, N p.19, Z, Za
Go Round, The {186}                  D p.16
God Wot- I {187}                     B p.20
God Wot - 2 {188}                    D p.13
Grass Grew Tall, The {189}           Dp.74


Hands {190}                          B p.22
Heaven # Three, The {191}            D p.70, see also "The Empty
                                     Space"
Here Am I {192}                      Queen Elizabeth Hall 1970 pro-
                                     gram, A p.9, G p.20, H p.8+18, L
                                     p.?, M p.30, JazzPodium 1980/11,
                                     Blatt (Munchen) 1984/269, Jazz
                                     (Switzerland) 1985/2
Hidden, The {193}                    Dp.86


I Deal In Souls {194}                B p.23, X p.54, see also "The Soul
                                     Dealer"
I Have Forgotten - I {196}           B p.25
I Have Forgotten - 2 {197}           D p.28
I Thought I Am: Am Not {198}         D p.49, see also "Flight"
I/We {199}                           B p.28
If I Told You {200}                  D p.8, SR Arkive #1 p.33
Ignorance {20I}                      B p.25
Illuminates {202}                    Queen Elizabeth Hall 1970 pro-
                                     gram,   Nuits   de  la Fondation

                                 506

                                         Maeght LPjacket (1971), D p.24*,
                                         E p.29*, J p.4*, TZAZ (Greece)
                                         10/1980
Image Nothing, The {203}                 A p.33
Image Reach, The - I {204}               T p.218, B p.81 (longer)
Image Reach, The - 2 {205}               C p.ll, E p.27, F p.4, J p.12
Imagination {206}                        Nothing Is, V p.2, D p.66, J p.9, N
                                         p.21, Song of the Stargazer LP
                                         jacket (1965/70), Kohoutek CD
                                         liner", Programme of "Memorial
                                         Service for Sun Ra" July 12, 1993,
                                         see also "Enticement"
Immortals {207}                          Ap.47
Immortals, The {208}                     A    p.47,   JazzPodium     1981/4
                                         (different poem from above)
Imperative, The {209}                    Ap.43
In, The {210}                            B p.82, C p.30
In Dutch {21I}                           D p.14
In Human Form {212}                      Queen Elizabeth Hall 1970 pro-
                                         gram, A p.9, G p.13, H p.II+21, L
                                         p.?   M    p.7,  TZAZ     (Greece)
                                         10/1980
In Some Far Place {213}                  D p.85, E p.ll, I p.4, J p.14, N
                                         p.41, Somewhere Over The Rain-
                                         bow LP recit., Strange Celestial
                                         Road recit., see also "The Far OtT
                                         Place" and "Tomorrow's Realm",
                                         Program of"Memorial Service for
                                         Sun Ra" July 12 1993 and for John
                                         Gilmore October 29 1995, Sun Ra
                                         Arkive #2 p.5 and #3 p.18
[In the inward side of the end] {214}    It's After the End ofthe World LP
                                         jacket (1972), TZAZ (Greece)
                                         10/1980
Inned Inning, The {215}                  Dp.7
Intergalactic Master {216}               A p.16, C p.20*, J p.20*, K p.?*
[Interpretation...] {217}                Dp.63
Invented Memory, The - I {218}           Umbra p.5
Invented Memory, The - 2 {218}           C p.66 (slight revision)
Invisibility {220}                       B p.27, D p.38, Holiday for Soul
                                         Dance CD liner (1970), Jazztimes

                                     507

                                      Sep.'93
Invisible Giants, The {221}           B p.83
Irresistable Thought, The {222}       D p.61


Jazz in Silhouette {223}              Jazz in Silhouette LP (1971) and
                                      CO jacket (1991), TZAZ (Greece)
                                      10/1980


Lightning Realities {225}             C p.44 (Major rev. of below)
Lightning Realities, The {224}        B p.84
Like Seeds {226}                      Op.63
Living Parable - I {227}              B p.29 (Completely different poem
                                      from Living Parable - 2 and
                                      "Living Parallel"), Za
Living Parable - 2 {227}              C p.39, E p.12, I p.3, J p.13
                                      (Similar to "Living Parallel")
Living Parallel {228}                 A p.50, G p.12, H p.11+22, L p.?,
                                      M p.8, X p.49
The Lored Lord {229}                  B p.85, identical to "The Tree of
                                      the Lore"
Love And Hate {230}                   o  p.71
Love in Outer Space {231}             recit. on Pleiades (Leo 211)


Magic City, (The) - 1 {232}           B p.30, Magic City CD liner
                                      (1993)
Magic City - 2 {234}                  C p.22, X p.168
Mask, The {235}                       Dp.40
Melody OfThe Air, The - I {236}       B p.86
[Melody OfThe Air, The] - 2 {237}     Space Is The Place LP jacket
                                      (1972)
Memory Says - I {238}                 B p.31
Memory Says - 2 {238}                 C p.57
Men and Amen {239}                    B p.32, X p.183
Message To Black Youth - I {240}      S p.54-55, A p.3-4 (One word
                                      changed in A)
Message to Black Youth - 2 {240}      G p.19, H p.7+17, L p.?, M p.29
                                      (truncated version)
Mirror Of Things To Be, The - I {242} B p.88
Mirror Of Things To Be, The - 2 {242} C p.39, E p.12, I p.3, J p.13, Za
Music OfThe Spheres {243}             Ap.38
Music The Neglected Plane

                                  508

 Of Wisdom {244}                     El Saturn Catalog B7S66Y p.2
                                     (1955)
Myth of Me, The {246}                Up.7


Name Sound, The - I {247}            A p.16, G p.24, L p.?, M p.24, N
                                     p.28, X p.55
Name Sound, The - 2 {247}            B p.89
Name Sound, The - 3 {248}            C p.41
Nature's Laws - I {249}              A p.58, C p.7, G p.4, H p.4, L p.?,
                                     Programm 3. Freiburger Jazztage
                                     1983 p.53, JazzPodium 1981/4
[Nature's Laws] - 2 {249}            Space is the Place LPjacket (1972)
Neglected Plane of Wisdom, The {250} Saturn Records prospectus 1966
                                     (1965?)
Never Is The Future - I {252}        B   p.33,    X   p.50,  see   also
                                     "Tomorrow Never Comes"
Never Is The Future - 2 {254}        C p.54, E p.20, J p.21, see also
                                     "Tomorrow Never Comes"
New Horizons {255}                   Jazz by Sun Ra booklet; set in
                                     "Tone Pictures" by Arganney
                                     Jones     (1957);    Jones    was
                                     acquaintance of Sun Ra. Graham
                                     Lock,    Plutopia   (1999)    p.27
                                     (partial)
No End, The {256}                    Ap.8
No Point, The {257}                  C p.19, E p.19, F p.12, I p.IO, J
                                     p.6, K p.?
Nothing Is {259}                     Nothing Is LP jacket (1970), T
                                     p.216, A p.15, B p.35, C p.53,
                                     Hambone 14 (1998), p. 191


Observers, The {260}                 B p.90, D p.46
OfCelestial Cosmo Key {261}          Dp.39
OfCoordinate Vibrations {262}        D p.58, Hambone 14 (1998), p.
                                     186 (partial)
Of Days - I {263}                    A p.41, G p.6, L p.?, M p.16, Blue
                                     Delight LP jacket and CD liner
                                     (1989)
OfDays - 2 {264}                     Cp.26
Of Enforced Reality {265}            D p.41
OfHidden Tomes {266}                 Dp.48

                                 509

OfKindred Folks {267}                D p.33, N p.45
Of Notness {268}                     D p.79, K p.?
OfThe Contemporary Scene '78 {269}   Op.56
OfThe Cosmic Blueprints {270}        T p.214, U p.6*, C p.9, E p.21, J
                                     p.22, Hambone 14 (1998), p. 187
                                     (partial)
OfThe Day That Died {271}            D p.18, M p.28, N p.36
OfThe Myth {272}                     B p.36, K p.?, M p.27, N p.35
OfThe Planet Earth {273}             Op.53
OfThe Pattern of Being {274}         Op.54
Of Variable Universe - I {275}       Ap.22
Of Variable Universe - 2 {275}       C p.23
Omniverse {276}                      Schweizer Jazz Museum program
                                     1992, R #25 p.15, concert program
                                     Istanbul 1990 (facs.)
On {277}                             B p.37, D p.25 (slight rev.)
On Solar Planes {278}                A p.46, C p.59, E p.15, G p.21, H
                                     p.23, J p.26, L p.?
On The Bypass {279}                  A p.51, C p.17*, E p.17*, F p.16*,
                                     I p.14*, N p.20+39*, Z, Za
On The Edge Of The
  Thin-Between - 1 {280}             B p.39
On The Edge Of The
  Thin Between - 2 {280}             C p.49
Once Upon A Time {281}               D p.55, K p.? (last paragraph of
                                     "Circle Eternity")
Order Of The Ardor, The - I {282}    B p.93
Order Of The Ardor, The - 2 {282}    C p.31
Other Gods Have I Heard Of- 1 {283}  Nature's God LP jacket (1972,
                                     according to J. Szwed), A p.56, G
                                     p.29, H p.25, L p.?, Blue Delight
                                     LP jacket and CD liner (1989), SR
                                     Arkive #2 p.35
Other Gods Have I Heard Of- 2 {284}  C p.1
Other Otherness, The - I {285}       B p.92
Other Otherness, The - 2 {285}       C p.44
Other Otherness, The - 3 {286}       D p.36
Other Planes OfThere - I {287}       Other Planes Of There LP jacket
                                     (1966) and CD liner (1992)
Other Planes Of There - 2 {287}      A p.32, B p.40*
Other Planes Of There - 3 {288}      C p.55, J p.20, K p.?

                                 510

Other Side Of Music, The - I {289}    A p.36, X p.58 (partial), Musiche
                                      (Italy) 1994/15 p.66
Other Side Of Music, The - 2 {290}    Dp.84
Other Thoughts {291}                  A p.42, B p.41, C p.5, E p.5, J
                                      p.24, X p.49 (partial) and p.198,
                                      JazzPodium       1994/3      p.IO,
                                      Hambone     14 (1998),     p.  191
                                      (partial)
Outer Beyond, The {292}               o  p.82
Outer Bridge, The - 1 {293}           Contact 1 (1965), Nidhamu LP
                                      jacket (1972), Discipline 27-11 LP
                                      jacket (1973/74), 0 p.4, Carnegie
                                      Hall program "The Space Music of
                                      Sun Ra" April 12/13 1968
Outer Bridge, The - 2 {293}           A p.13, The Cricket No.4 1969
                                      p.19
Outer Bridge, The - 3 {293}           C p.46
Outer Darkness, The - 1 {294}         A p.37, 0 p.42 (with two word
                                      correction), X p.58 (partial)
Outer Darkness, The - 2 {295}         B p.94
Outer Darkness, The - 3 {296}         C p.15, E p.6, F p.9, 1p.9, J p.23,
                                      Kp.?


Parallels - I {297}                   Night of the Purple Moon LP
                                      jacket (1970/71), TZAZ (Greece)
                                      10/1980
Parallels - 2 {297}                   B p.42
Parallels - 3 {297}                   C p.36
Past Is A Dream, The {298}            B p.95
Past Is Like A Dream, The {299}       C p.36, Out There A Minute CD
                                      liner (1989)
Pivoting Planes, The {300}            B p.96
Pivoting Planes Of Sound, The {301}   C p.25
Place Of The Searching I, The {302}   A p.46, C p.59, G p.12, H p.6, L
                                      p.?
Plane: Earth, The {303}               U p.7, K p.?, N p.16 (N garbled?)
Planes Of Nature - I {304}            A p.13, Discipline 27-11 LP jacket
                                      (1973/74), G p.5, L p.?, M p.15, N
                                      p.33, R #22 p.2, Y p.321
Planes Of Nature - 2 {304}            C p.46
Point {305}                           Ap.24

                                  511

[Point Equal Aim] {306}              B p.130
Points On The Space Age - 1{307}     Super Sonic Jazz LP jacket (1957)
                                     and CD liner (1991), Metro Times
                                     (Detroit) Aug.31-Sep.6, 1988 p.22,
                                     Kohoutek CD liner*
Points On The Space Age - 2 {308}    A version of"The Space Age Can-
                                     not Be Avoided" given to Salah
                                     Ragab in 1984; Fiofori, The Space
                                     Music ofSR, Jazz & Pop, January
                                     1968 p. 19
Potential, The - 1 {309}             Art Forms from Dimension To-
                                     morrow LP jacket (1965), Queen
                                     Elizabeth Hall     1970  program;
                                     Simpkins, Coltrane (1975), p.94
Potential, The - 2 {309}             B p.97, Y p.325
Potential, The - 3 {310}             C p.l 0, E p.18, J p.5
Precision Fate {311}                 Up.7
Preface {312}                        B p.43, 0 p.5t
Prepare For The Journey {313}        o  p.31, L p.?, see also "The
                                     Cosmic Age", Z, Za
[Primary Enigma, The] {314}          V p.2, Q p.IO, Song of the Star-
                                     gazers LP jacket (1965/70)
Primary Lesson: The
  Second Class Citizens {315}        U p.o
Primary Lesson For Second
  Class Citizens {316}               B p.44 (rev. of above)
Prophecy {3I7}                       o  p.9, E p.16, F p.15, I p.13, N
                                     p.22, Song of the Stargazer LP
                                     jacket (1965/70), Z
Pure Sound, The {318}                Dp.30


Quiet, The - 1 {319}                 B p.98, X p.62 (partial)
Quiet, The - 2 {320}                 C p.27


Rare Is {321}                        Ap.45
Re {322}                             A   p.60,   Klaus    Detlef Thiel,
                                     Decyfring Le Sony'r Ra (2003) p.2
"Reality has touched
  against myth" {323}                Esquire Vo1.72, No.1 (July 1969)
                                     p.54, Filmkritik No.277 (1980)
                                     p.16, Hambone 14 (1998), p. 177-

                                 512

                                        178
Realm Of Myth, The {324}                A p.21,    D p.23 (stanzas re-
                                        arranged); Oeyvind Fahlstroem,
                                        The Installations, 1995, p.25
Resist Me! {325}                        D p.35, see also "Saga of Resist-
                                        ance"
Revolving Spheres {326}                 B p.45, D p.67 (first two stanzas of
                                        B)
Ridiculous I, The - 1 {328}             Ap.32
Ridiculous I, The - 2 {328}             C p.13, D p.85, E p.8, J p.7
Rose Will Bloom, The {329}              D p.15


Saga Of Resistance {330}                Nothing Is LP jacket (1970), T
                                        p.212, see also "Resist Me"
[Satellites are spinning, The] {331}    Free Range Rat CD liner (CIMP
                                        189)
Scale Of Nothingness, The {332}         A p.51, G p.27, L p.?, M p.21
Seal, The {333}                         Dp.26
Second Son, The {334}                   D p.12, K p.?, L p.?, N p.15, Z
SelfOf Negation, The {335}              Dp.69
SelfOf Others, The {336}                C p.31
Self Radiation {337}                    C p.50, E p.4, F p.5, I p.5, K p.?,
                                        N p.43, see also "One Day You
                                        Will Walk", Z, Za
Shadow Of The Fire, The - 1 {338}       Art    Forms      of    Dimension
                                        Tomorrow LP jacket (1965), D
                                        p.71, Cosmic Tones CD liner
                                        (1967, missing a line)
Shadow OfThe Fire, The - 2 {338}        Ap.44
Shadow Of Tomorrow, The {339}           Angels and Demons At Play LP
                                        jacket (1965, Impulse)
Sins of Not When {340}                  A p.55,    SR Arkive #4 p.15,
                                        identical  to  "Of Not      When"
                                        (1980), C p.7
Skilled Way, The {341}                  D p.81
Some Tomorrow - 1 {342}                 B p.48, see also "From Tomorrow"
Some Tomorrow - 2 {343}                 C p.IO, E p.18, J p.5, see also
                                        "From Tomorrow"
Somewhere Else {344}                    S p.53
Soul Dealer, The {345}                  D p.37, see also "I Deal In Souls"
Sound I Hear, The {346}                 B p.99, see also "The Sounds I

                                    513

                                    Hear"
Sound Image, The {350}              B p.100, C pp.33-34*, Y pp.323-
                                    324
Sound Meaning, The {352}            B p.103
Sound Myth {353}                    Astro Black LP jacket (1973),
                                    TZAZ (Greece) 10/1980
Sound/Silence {354}                 B p.49, 0 p.5
[Sound/Silence] {354}               Space Is The Place LP jacket
                                    (1972)
Sounds I Hear, The {347}            C p.42, see also "The Sound I
                                    Hear"
Sounds Of Planets, The {355}        K p.?, N p.40, Za
Space Age Cannot Be
  Avoided, The - I {356}            Super Sonic Jazz LP jacket (1957)
                                    and CD liner (1991), Interstellar
                                    Low Ways LP jacket (1965/66)
Space Age Cannot Be
  Avoided, The - 2 {356}            see "Points On The Space Age - 2"
Spiral Outwardly {357}              A p.14, Other Planes of There LP
                                    jacket (1966) and CD liner (1992)
Spiral Way, The {358}               Dp.59
Spirituel- I {359}                  S p.51
Spirituel- 2 {359}                  C p.30
Spontaneous Love, The - I {360}     B p.104
Spontaneous Love, The - 2 {361}     C p.56, E p.13, F p.18, J p.18, Za
Spontaneous Mind, The {362}         Dp.26
Stage of Man, The {363}             Omni Press (1985) p.2, Z
SUB-DWELLERS, The - I {364}         B p.105
SUB-DWELLERS, The - 2 {365}         C p.45
Substitute Words, The {366}         A p.27, 0 p.34, G p.18, H p.16
Sun-day {367}                       B p.50, C p.62, see "Vibration Of
                                    The Ray"
Sun Is There!, The - I {368}        B p.107
Sun Is Therel, The - 2 {369}        C p.28, E p.25, I p.16, J p.16, Za
Sun Song {370}                      Jazz by Sun Ra booklet (1956)
"Sunbursts appear..." {371}         Discipline   27-11    LP     jacket
                                    (1973/74, version 2), Yp.314-315
Symbolic Meaning Of The X {372}     D p.19, see also "The X" ,
                                    Hambone     14 (1998),     p.   196
                                    (partial)
Syncronisation Inverse {373}        A p.45

                                514

Tale {374}                            A p.57
                                        th
Tell me {375}                         6   International Waitawhile Sun
                                      Ra Convention CD liner (1999)
Then {376}                            Dp.76
THE-------O------LOGY.... {377}       B p.91
There {378}                           Jazz by Sun Ra booklet (1956),
                                      Contact I (1965), Heliocentric
                                      Worlds Vol. 2 LP jacket (1966),
                                      Cricket #4 (1969) p.66
Thick Darkness, The {379 }            B p.I09
Thing In Itself- 1 {380}              B p.119, X p.61
Thing In Itself- 2 {380}              C p.12
[This world is not my home] {381}     Typoscript from Trudy Morse's
                                      collection, Y p.379 (partial)
Thoth {386}                           B p.120, X p.177
Three Dimensions Of Air, The {387}    A p.35
To Outer Unseen Worlds {388}          B p.121
To Some Destination {389}             B p.122, C p.13, E p.29, J p.4
To The Peoples of Earth {390}         T p.21 7, Cosmic Tones LP jacket
                                      (1967) and CD liner (1992)
Tomorrow Never Comes {391}            Astro Black LP jacket (1973),
                                      similar to part of "Never Is The
                                      Future", Y p.305, TZAZ (Greece)
                                      10/1980
Tomorrow's Realm {392}                A p.34, similar to "In Some Far
                                      Place"
Tomorrow's Vibrations {393}           Dp.60
Tone Of Abstract Love, The {394}      B p.IIO
Tradition Creator, The {395}          D p.27
Trancendence {396}                    D p.11
Tree Is Wood, The {397}               B p.lll
Tree Of The Lore, The {229}           D p.2, identical to "The Lored
                                      Lord"
Truth:Bad:Good {398}                  D p.72 (Same as below except one
                                      line removed)
Truth Is Bad/Good {398}               B p.123, see "Truth.Bad.Good", Y
                                      pp.322-323
Truths That Should Not Be, The {399}  Dp.78
Twice Told - I {400}                  B p.125
Twice Told - 2 {400}                  C p.46

                                  515

Twin Vibrations - I {40I }           B p.124
Twin Vibrations - 2 {40I }           o p.21

Ultimate All, The {402}              o p.75
Universe Sent Me, The {404}          o p.50, K p.?, N p.18 (rev. of
                                     below), Za
Universe Sent Me To Converse
  With You, The {403}                B p.113
Unknown State, The - I {405}         A p.26, C p.9,
Unknown State, The - 2 {406}         Dp.32
Unremembered Dreams - I {407}        Jazz by Sun Ra booklet (1956)
Unremembered Dreams - 2 {407}        Dp.52
Unseen Definition {408}              B p.126
Unseen Definitions {409}             C p.29 (rev. ofabove)


Victory Dual {410}                   D p.17
Vibration Of The Ray {411}           D p.77, K p.?, L p.?, N p.46, see
                                     also "Sun-Day", Z
Virgin Version {412}                 Ap.54
Visions Out {413}                    B p.127, Monorails and Satellites
                                     CD liner (1991)
Visitation, The {414}                T p.213
Voice OfThe Timeless Spirit {415}    K p.?, N p.44, Za
Void, The {416}                      B p.115, see also "The Heaven #3"


Wasters, The - I {417}               B p.116,
Wasters, The - 2 {418}               C p.51, E p.3, F p.6, I p.6, K p?, Z,
                                     Za
We Hold This Myth To
  Be Potential- I {419}              B p.128, Hambone 14 (1998), p.
                                     180 (partial)
We Hold This Myth To
  Be Potential - 2 {420}             C p.57
WhatYouSo-1 {421}                    A p.54, X p.198
What You So - 2 {422}                Purple Night recit. before "Of
                                     Invisble Them"
When Angels Speak {423}              A p.13, Discipline 27-11 LP jacket
                                     (1973/74, version I), G p.5, L p.?,
                                     M p.15", N p.27, X p.166, R #21
                                     p.2
When You Meet A Man {424}            Bp.129, Yp.322

                                 516

Whereness {425}                        A p.31, C p.47, D p.64, G p.9, H
                                       p.9, L p.?, M p.25, N p.24, 0 p.13,
                                       SR Memorial 7/12/93, R #20 p.20
Wisdom-Ignorance - I {426}             A p.39, C p.58, E p.30, G p.7, J
                                       p.25, L p.?, M p.13, X p.49
                                       (partial)
[Wisdom-Ignorance] - 2 {428}           Space Is the Place LP jacket
                                       (1993)
Word-World - I {429}                   A p.15
Word World - 2 {429}                   C p.53
Words - 1 {430}                        B p.130
Words - 2 {430}                        C p.27
Words And The Impossible {431}         A p.27, G p.15, H p.13, Y p.302,
                                       Hambone 14 (1998), p. 182
World Clock, The {432}                 A p.14, Discipline 27-11 LP jacket
                                       (1973/74, version I), Other Planes
                                       OfThere LPjacket (1966) and CD
                                       liner (1992)
Would I For All That Were - 1 {433}    T p.215
Would I For All That Were - 2 {436}    B p.131
Would I For All That Were - 3 {438}    C p.16, E p.26, F p.3, J p.II, Za


X, The {439}                           B p.117, see "Symbolic Meaning
                                       ofthe X"


Yon Man {440}                          B p.133, C p.49, X p.166
You Must Choose! - I {441}             B p.134, Blue Delight LP jacket
                                       and CD liner (1989), X p.62
                                       (partial)
You Must Choose - 2 {442}              C p.38
[You're on the spaceship Earth] {443}  Of Mythic Worlds LP jacket
                                       (1980)




                                   517

Sources of the Prose

The page numbers in the present book are given within {}, in the left column.


[Aim of my Compositions, The] {447}       Jazz by Sun Ra booklet (1956)
Air Spiritual Man, The {450}              B p.62-67, X p.52 (partial), Y
                                          p.328 (partial)
Dead Past, The {455}                      Saturn    Catalog   B7S66Y      p.8,
                                          Atlantis    (1969),  Continuation
                                          (1970), My Brother the Wind
                                          (1969/70), Discipline 27-11 LP
                                         jacket (1973/74, version 1), The
                                          Soul Vibrations OfMan LP jacket
                                          (1977), V p.3, Song of the Star-
                                          gazers LP jacket (1965/70)
Hold Of The Held, The {456}               B p.80
[I always called myself Sun Ra] {457}     Queen     Elizabeth   Hall     1970
                                          program
[I am not of this planet] {460}           Queen     Elizabeth   Hall     1970
                                          program
I have a gift to offer.. {463}            V p.3, Song of the Stargazers LP
                                         jacket (1965/70)
The Impossible {464}                      Interstellar Low Ways LP jacket
                                          (1965/66)
In this age {465}                         V p.2, Q p.IO, Song of the Star-
                                          gazers LP jacket (1965/70)
My Music Is Words {467}                   The Cricket no. 1, 1968 pp.4-11
Number One, The {472}                     The Soul Vibrations of Man LP
                                         jacket (1977)
[This is the music] {474}                 Secrets of the Sun LP jacket
                                         (1961/62), X p.49
To Whom It May Concern {475}             A p.l and 2*, B p.x (A p.2lacking
                                          last paragraph)
[You just know local music] {476}        Queen      Elizabeth   Hall     1970
                                         program




                                   518

Index ofFirst Lines of the Poems


. = aim 306
A false truth and a true-myth 166
A gate should be here 368
A gate should be here; 369
A man may be down and out 119
A man may be down and out when his time is up . . . . . . . . .. 120
A man wants to be a natural free 61
A myth among other things 324
A new name is always a great adventure 111
A new name is always a great adventure. . . . . .. III
A sealed book is not only 333
A secret hidden power of kindness 373
A touch of the ridiculous I 328
A widening ofconcepts is necessary 441, 442
Abandon them! 432
According to nature's laws and law 63, 249
According to nature's laws and laws 249
According to secret standards, 144
Advancements will be made 317
After a being becomes versed 141
After all is said and done 146
After that, what is there after that? 64
After the myth comes the origin or 353
Ah, the magic of words, 66
Air is Space 387
Alas, for those within the Garden of Eden 183, 184
All lights are equally lights 224
All lights are rays ofbeing 225
All men are equal on the evil plane 157
All that surrounds is black 128
An open mind is relative to the 386
And some music is not music 68
And Sun Ra Says: 152
And their world was beautiful. 199
Anything can give up its life, 71
As the tale is told 374
Astro-Black Mythology 74
At first nothing is; 259

                                       519

Back in the backness of the blackness of the earth-black 322
Be quiet and speak not 3I9
Be quiet and speak not, 320
Because every thought is a mental force 160
Behold my house of light 126
Behold! Behold! 77
Being is the attribute or derivative of 341
Beyond other thoughts and other worlds 309, 310
Birds without wings 78
Black is space: THE OUTER DARKNESS 294
Blind Man 84
Bridges go every where 89
Brothers are people, 67
By placing Cosmic-potential in the hands of 112
Cast the fire upon the dry weeds 169
Cast the fire upon the dry-weeds 170
Circle turning in the sky. . . .. 186
Colors are different 101
Come my brother, you are dear to me 388
Complexities plus complexities 60
Confrontations 103
Confrontations? 103
Did we not know? 131
Down in the subterranean places of the city 364, 365
Drawn to scale of the curse 122
Elderness is not elderness 159
Equality as mono 158
Every planet is a small plane 303
Everything is simple 262
Everytime a bird goes by 161
Faith can be a bridge 96
Fire has many degrees 221
First came the songs and scenes ofGo-Go-Go 269
Foryou 283,284
Forward until you reach 85
Fragments of the vice-future I give to you 176
Fragments of the vice-future I give to you         176
Freedom from freedom 177
From tomorrow not the same tomorrow's 182
Full age is [of] different connotation 216
Gamma ... Gimel ... Ge         .. . . . . .. 273

                                          520

Get on the Cosmo-train 116
Get over into the spirit of things 165
God wrote in code, He did, he Did! 187
God wrote in code. 188
Henceward and gaze into the mirror of things to be 242
Here I am, 192
How carefully laid the scenes 366
How tender feelings 88
I always felt and 91
I am not a fantasy in a real sense 163
I am trying to find myself: 267
I can feel who I am 138
I deal in souls 194, 345
I do not question right 336
I dream 263
I dream: The never days that belong to me 264
I have always felt 91
I have forgotten. 196, 197
I have nothing 147, 148
I laid on earth 274
I stay "in dutch" so much 211
I take my magic wand in hand and touch 65
I told you once, 400
I used to love the woman and the child 86
I used to love the woman and the child and the man 87
I'm working under a mask 235
If I told you, "I am from outer space", 200
If it is not here 297
If it is not here, 297
If it was not slavery--- 270
Ifthe death ofdeath is life 102
If they would rise above their wisdom 304
Ifthey would rise up above their knowledge 304
If through the once to the in 215
Ifwe fail, we must win 162
Ifyou're not pure 318
Imagination is a magic carpet 154
'Imagination' is a magic carpet 206
In a world which does not know God 405,406
In different families arrive 134
In human form 212

                                      521

In my nest ..... in my nest; 370
In some far off place 164, 392
In some far place 213
In the early days of my visitation, 414
In the half-between world 293
In the half-between world, 293
In the inward side of the End 214
In the same way that a certain sound in one 355
In this age, the invented memory 261
Intergalactic music is ofthe outer darkness 296
Intergalactic music is ofthe Outer Darkness 295
Interpretation is not without it's value. 217
Israel          Is Ra EI?        Ra Is EI . . .. 172
It is another age, another challenge 94
It is not right 127, 409
It is not right for those to speak to me 408
It is written that God dwells in the thick Darkness     379
It may was the whatever it was wased 203
Kindness in a cruel world? 246
Knowledge cannot know me 69
Let the centuries be your enlightment 281
Let's see what happens ..... 376
Love which is such a great power must 230
Man is the same as he ever was 358
Man of woe 105
Metomorphosis Vision 413
Music can break down 90
Music can break down any door. .. 90
Music is a plane ofwisdom [...] 244, 250
Music of the spheres: of the outer spheres 243
Music Pulsing like a living heartbeat, 255
My room speaks to me, 73
Neither honor nor despised 185
Neither honor nor rejected state crave I 185
Never is the future 252, 254
Never say you are unloved 240
New sounds cause new vibrations 278
Now and then I pause 291
Observer I 260
Ofthe myth am I 272
Omniverse- 276

                                       522

On many planes 76
On the bypass 279
Once I thought the world was somewhere else 344
Once there was a man who lived for God; 363
One by one, my children left me; 393
One day you will walk where I have walked; 337
One part of an equation 59
Only to be bottomless humble 256
Our version conception 412
Out of every nation 109
Out of the sun 411
"Out" Is The Way Of The "Outer" And 181
Prelude                    Prelude 394
Proper evaluation of words and letters 390
Quickly, inside the door; 238
Reality has touched against myth 323
Resist me-------------- 325
Resist me ------- 330
Revolving spheres 326
Rise lightly from the earth 220
See how the black rays of the black race 83
See the salvation of the Lored 229
Some music is of specialized interpretation. 289
Some music is of specialized interpretation; 290
Some things are true 410
Some tomorrow 343
Some tomorrow-the potential word 342
Someone took the tender care 167
Sometimes 402
sometimes in the amazing ignorance 133
Sometimes in the amazing ignorance 132
sound radiates 202
Suddenly I awake from sleep 280
Sunbursts appear in dark disguises 371
Sunrise 231
Surely by now 265
Take your curtain call and bow 123
Take your curtain call and bow ..... don't linger; 124
Tell me when shall the scales of darkness 375
That's what the music says, that is how I say the music .... 350
The airy heaven is the empty space 145, 416

                                     523

The airy heaven is the empty space.. 191
The arm thrust itself through the dry-baked earth 72
The attributes of ignorance 201
The beauty of thought 425
The cosmic roles 152, 153
The damning of the spirit 125
The delusion is the God - idea          395
The displaced years 287, 288
The elasticity of words 431
The grass grew tall---------- 189
The hidden word is the hidden thought 193
The kingdom of not. . . .. 268
The name can be music 247, 248
The name can be music played by infinite instruments, 247
The 0 logy concerns the o. 377
The past always reminds me of the day that died 271
The past is a dream 298
The past is like a dream             299
The primary enigma is the being and the been as 314
The product and the producer concerns me 352
The prophets of the past belong to the past 356
The role ofblack men 79
The rose will bloom 329
The satellites are spinning 331
The second class is the second grade 315, 316
"The second son shall stand in his stead," 334
The selfofcomplete negation 335
The similitude ofan image 168
The sound mind is the vibrating consequences of 108
The sounds I hear are nothing 346
The sounds I hear are nothing, 347
THE SPACE AGE CANNOT BE AVOIDED. 308
The Spaceward will take you spacewise/spaceward 277
The spontaneous love is the idea of that which is to be. 361
The spontaneous love is the idea that is to be, 360
The time of earth is the X ofearth 372, 439
The transient light beams 396
The tree is wood 397
The truths used as the foundation 399
The universe sent me to converse with you 403
The universe sent me to converse with you. . .. 404

                                     524

The upright on one dimension is the inright 155, 156
The verdict is the judgement: I00
The vibrations advance to further consideration ..... 257
The vibrations are 40 I
The vibrations of the ardor and the order 282
The vibrations of the sounds seem the same 338
The word that was made flesh was made fresh I71
Then another tomorrow II 0
There are two sides to the beginning 210
There came a whirl 332
There is a land 378
There is a point 305
There is no need to cry 92
There were some things I never tried to do I74
These images are twins 401
They are alike . . . Seeds and words. 226
They are all in darkness. .. 82
They have a labyrinth in their head 359
They helped to build this land 190
They live endlessly 208
They turned this way and that; then laughed 209
They're in the wilderness 417, 418
Thing in itself? 380
Things change. .. 142
This city is the universe 234
This city is the Universe 232
This is a precision span 129, 130
This is my day 367
This is not to convert 236
This is not to convert to lead, to persuade 237
This is the herald of being! 222
This is the music of greater transition 307
This is the Space Age 106, 107
This is the space-age . . . . . . . . . . .. 313
This is the story ofthe silhouettes, 223
This Omniverse is endless 151
This their 'life' is a comedy oferrors 62
This today is a judgement day 422
This today is judgement day 421
This universe is endless 149
This world 381

                                            525

Those who are be earthed 75
Those who are be-earthed 75
Those who are thirsty for wisdom 227
To 204
To rise above all the cultures of the land 70, 139
To the territory of the non-memory 205
Today is the shadow of tomorrow 339
Tomorrow Never Comes, 391
Too soon or too late 311
Truth is bad 398
'Twas at Babylon they say. . .. 104
Unremembered dreams 407
Walk toward the brilliant circles of tomorrow 362
We hold this myth to be potential 419, 420
We must not say no to ourselves 179
We must not say no to ourselves, 180
We speak in hidden tones 266
What are brothers and what are men 239
What can I do to help the world 415
What can I say other than the music itself? 354
What I thought I am 173, 198
What is called man when first created was given an invented memory: 218
What myth am I? 340
What of planet freedom? 178
When angels speak 423
When I speak of wisdom 312
When men are brothers 117, 118
When one is primary - young 275
When one is primary-young, 275
When one understands 285
When one understands through feeling 286
When reality reaches a certain point 426, 428
When the wind changes 389
When the word was spoken, 300, 30 I
When there is confusion 95, 357
When we speak, we speak profoundly 137
When you meet a man 424
Where am I now? 135
Wherever they are going 302
White is an echo of black in a 80
White people 81

                                       526

Why should a god visit earth 113
Wisdom on abstract planes 227
Wisdom on its abstract planes 228
Without from the outer-beyond 292
Words are like people 430
Would I for all that were 433, 436, 438
Yesterdays 207
Yesterdays yesterday 136
Yon man is my enemy 440
You drink in the beauty ofall that is rare 321
You grow to love somebody 429
You grow to love somebody. . . . . . . 429
You're on the spaceship Earth. You're 443



Sources of the Introductions and Essays


The essays of James L. Wolf, Sigrid Hauff and Klaus DetlefThiel are original
contributions.


Hartmut Geerken's text was published in German in the Austrian jazz magazine
Jazzl.ife Magazin fiir zeitgenossische Musik, Wien, nr. 137/03,2003, p. 8-13.


Brent Edwards published his essay in HAMBONE, Santa Cruz, nr. 14, 1998, p.
177-200.




                                      527

The Contributors


James L. Wolf
James L. Wolf was born in 1968 in Bethesda, Maryland USA. He earned a
music degree from Carleton College and studied Ethnomusicology for a year at
the University ofWashington, Seattle. He now works at the Library ofCongress
in the Music Division.
Since the mid 90s, Wolf has performed on violin, guitar and occasional
electronics with the groups Air King, Laconic Chamber, Gena Rowlands Band
and La Reproduction Interdite, Currently he performs with From Quagmire, The
Picture is Dead, and other DC area ensembles.
His other contributions to Sun Ra scholarship include unearthing Sun Ra's
music copyright deposits made from 1936 through 1973, some discographical
research, and writings to the Saturn Listserv.
Wolf lives with his spouse and son in Arlington, Virginia.


Hartmut Geerken
Born 1939 in Stuttgart, Germany. Oriental studies, philosophy, and comparative
religion at the universities ofTiibingen, Germany, and Istanbul, Turkey. Writer,
filmmaker, musician, composer.
1967 he founded the CAIRO FREE JAZZ ENSEMBLE with Salah Ragab.
Studio work and concert tours in Europe, Asia, and Africa, with Famoudou Don
Moye, John Tchicai, Sunny Murray, Michael Ranta, The Art Ensemble of
Chicago etc. He has many publications of avantgarde prose.
Records to his credit: HELIOPOLIS (Cairo 1970), CONTINENT (Athens
1980), CASSAVA BALLS (1985), THE AFRICAN TAPES VII (1987), ZERO
SUN NO POINT (2001).
Co-editor of the book series FRUHE TEXTE DER MOD ERNE on early
avantgarde literature (Expressionism, Futurism, Dada, Surrealism).
His first Sun Ra-Discography was published 1980 in Athens. His remarkable
book OMNIVERSE SUN RA was published as a Waitawhile Book 1994.
About 20 years in foreign countries (Turkey, Egypt, Afghanistan, Greece). In
1971 he invited Sun Ra to Egypt. Since 1983 in Germany where he administers
the Waitawhile Sun Ra Archive.


Sigrid Hauff
Studied oriental languages and arts, philosophy, and romance studies at the
universities of Tubingen and Istanbul.
Almost 20 years in foreign countries (Egypt, Afghanistan, Greece) teaching

                                       528

German language and literature at universities and Goethe-Institutes.
Free lance writer on literary and philosophical subjects. Publications on Sun
Ra's poetry, on Robert Lax, Salomo Friedlaender, Melchior Vischer, Herbert
Achtembusch.


Klaus DetlelThiel
Born 1957 in Neuwied, Rhine, studied philosophy and history at Trier
University, Ph. D., lives in Wiesbaden, philosophical author.
Published experimental poetry, two books on Jacques Derrida and on Plato, a lot
ofessays and reviews on Thomas ofAquino, Nicholas ofCusa, Marsilio Ficino,
Francis Bacon, Kant, Husserl, Jan Patocka, etc.
Focuses on theory and history of writing.
At present, he is working on Salomo Friedlaender/Mynona, preparing a
comprehensive bibliography and several editions of the philosopher.


Brent Hayes Edwards
Teaches in the English Department at Rutgers University in New Brunswick,
New Jersey.
He is the author of The Practice of Diaspora: Literature, Translation, and the
Rise of Black Internationalism (Harvard University Press, 2003).
With Robert O'Meally and Farah Griffin, he co-edited the collection Uptown
Conversation: The New Jazz Studies (Columbia University Press, 2004).
He is co-editor ofthe journal Social Text, and also serves on the editorial boards
of Transition and Callaloo.
His next book project is a study on jazz and literature.




Radio Broadcasts on Sun Ra's Poetical Works


Sigrid Hauff, Der Mythos Sun Ras. Sudwestfunk / Suddeutscher Rundfunk /
Saarlandischer Rundfunk, April 5, 1983 (Livestory in Jazz) 30 min.


Hartmut Geerken, After the end of the world. Sun Ra: Musiker, Dichter,
Kosmiker. Westdeutscher Rundfunk Koln, February 5, 2004 (WDR 3 open:
WortLaut) 55 min.




                                      529

